**1. Current policy**
For monographs in nonroman scripts, the Library distinguishes between those languages in
which it is acceptable to romanize the bibliographic record excluding any vernacular data
altogether and those languages in which the record contains not only the data in romanization but
also data in the vernacular (in pre-defined fields). The latter are the following seven languages:
Japanese, Arabic, Chinese, Korean, Persian, Hebrew, and Yiddish. These are known as the
"JACKPHY languages," the acronym being derived from the names of the languages. The
non-JACKPHY languages in nonroman scripts are known as the "romanizing languages."
Records for these languages are input using an LC input/update system since they contain no
vernacular data. Those for the JACKPHY languages are input using the RLIN system to be able
to include data in the vernacular as well as roman.
**2. Background**
Prior to 1980 bibliographic records for items in nonroman scripts were printed cards
containing both vernacular and roman data. If a machine-readable record that was all roman
contained a small portion of data (usually a word or phrase) in nonroman script, the nonroman
data were romanized and were usually identified as such by the parenthetical phrase "(romanized
form)" following them. About 1980 the decision was made to prepare machine-readable records
in romanized form for all nonroman scripts except those of the JACKPHY languages. From
January 1981-May 1983 less-than-full romanized records were prepared for items in JACKPHY
languages (sometimes referred to as "brief JACKPHY"). This was in addition to the vernacular
card programs. From 1983-1991 there was a program called JACKPHY MARC in which the
machine-readable record was romanized but unlike "brief JACKPHY" the record was a full one.
JACKPHY MARC records for monographs contain value "r" in fixed field box 28 (Modified
record). Under JACKPHY MARC, the vernacular card programs continued. In 1983 use of the
RLIN system made it possible to prepare machine records containing vernacular data in addition
to roman. The first languages input were Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. Production of
vernacular cards in these languages continued but ceased in 1989. Hebrew and Yiddish began to
be input in late 1987 and Arabic and Persian in mid-1991. Production of vernacular cards for
these four languages continues. With the input of Arabic and Persian into RLIN, the JACKPHY
MARC program ceased.
