Language codes are included in records for retrieval purposes; they permit language to be
one of the factors used in various machine searches of the catalog.  The language(s) of the text of a
resource is represented in the machine record by a three-character alphabetic code(s) assigned by the
descriptive cataloger from the latest edition of *MARC Code List for Languages*
(http://www.loc.gov/marc/languages/).  Optionally, ISO 639-3 languages codes
(https://iso639-3.sil.org/code_tables/639/data) may be assigned in addition to codes from the *MARC Code*
*List for Languages* , following PCC Guidelines for the Use of ISO 639-3 Language Codes in MARC
Records.  For purposes of recording language codes, the “text” of a publication refers to the main
content of the resource, but may also include prefatory matter and appendices if they are significant.
If the language of a resource being cataloged is not given in the list, request information
about the code to use from the Policy, Training, and Cooperative Programs Division (PTCP).  Examine
the resource being cataloged to determine 1) any alternate forms or spellings of the name of the language
and 2) the country or geographic area in which the language is spoken.  Send this information, along
with the resource, to PTCP.
Input language codes in lowercase.  Always record a MARC language code in the fixed
field for Language (008/35-37).  If more than one MARC language code is to be recorded, input all the
codes in field 041 with second indicator “blank” .  If only one MARC language code is to be recorded,
input it in the fixed field for Language and do not create an 041 field for the MARC language code .
Note that whenever an 041 field with multiple MARC language codes exists in a record, the code in the
fixed field for Language must be the same as the first code in subfield $a of that 041 field.  Note also
that in Voyager the codes are arranged in alphabetical order by code.  If recording an ISO 639-3
language code(s), use an 041 field with second indicator “7” and identify the source of the codes with $2
iso639-3.
