Indicate a resource is a translation by using value “1” in the first
indicator position of field 041; two subfields ($a and $h) must be present.  As the occasion warrants,
subfield $k (Language code of intermediate translations) may also be present.

1. Record the code of the language of the text in subfield $a;
2. If applicable, record the code of the intermediate language of translation in
subfield $k;
3. Record the code of the language of the original in subfield $h.
In most cases there will only be two language codes to be recorded: that of the translation and that of the

***Government Publication Codes***
original.
EXAMPLE 1: A monograph in English translated from French.
Input:  041 1# $a eng $h fre
EXAMPLE 2: A monograph in English, translated from a Latin translation of a lost
Greek original.
Input:  041 1# $a eng $k lat $h grc
EXAMPLE 3: A monograph in English and Sanskrit translated from an original in
German and Sanskrit.
Input:  041 1# $a eng $a san $h ger $h san
**NOTE:** Prior to November 1989, catalogers at the Library of Congress did not assign
subfield $h.  The codes for the original languages were input in subfield $a following
the code for the language of the text in hand.  The three examples above would have
been content designated:
041 1# $a engfre
041 1# $a englatgrc
041 1# $a engger
If field 041 in an existing record has first indicator value “1” and no subfield $h, assume that the field was
content designated prior to November 1989.
( **NOTE ALSO:** Prior to April 2003, when multiple codes were appropriate to a subfield,
they were not individually subfielded.)
