The 1996 edition of the *MARC Code List for Languages* incorporated a newly
established code (“sgn”) for Sign languages.  The code is a general one used to indicate "sign language"
in a generic sense.  Use of this code in bibliographic records indicates materials containing a sign
language or the representation of a sign language.  The particular sign system present is stated in a 546
field (Language Note).
If the sole medium of communication is a sign language, e.g., a book containing
pictures of the handshape of each letter of a particular sign system, or a videorecording that is signed, use
the code for Sign languages in the fixed field for Language (008/35-37).
When the medium of communication includes a sign language or its
representation as well as one or more other languages, judge whether the sign language or its
representation is substantial.  If so, assign language codes in field 041 for all the languages, including the
one for Sign languages.  The important thing is to indicate whether sign language is present or not, rather
than to worry about predominance or other discriminations more easily determined for other languages.
If predominance is apparent, code for the predominant language in the fixed field and as the first $a
subfield in field 041.  If such discriminations are not readily apparent, assign codes in alphabetical order
by code, each in a repeated $a subfield, using in the fixed field for Language the same code as in the first
$a subfield.
Use the 546 Language Note to state the particular sign system, e.g., American
Sign language, British Sign language.  Formulate the note to reflect the situation, i.e., use terminology to
distinguish between cases in which the content of the whole resource is signed, whether as the sole
medium of communication or in conjunction with one or more others, and those in which sign language is
present but the whole resource is not signed (or it is not clear whether it is).  For example, if the sole
medium of communication in a video recording is a sign language, then it would be appropriate to express
that in the note as “Signed in [name of sign system].”  If a video recording includes open signing (i.e., a
sign language interpreter appears in a separate frame), record the note as “Open signed in [name of sign
system].”  For those situations that are less straight forward, for example a book in which both a
language and a sign language occur, possibly a dictionary or a manual, use in the 546 field the more
general statement “Includes sign language; the sign system represented is [name of sign system].”  If it
cannot be determined what sign system has been used, record an appropriate note indicating that the
resource is signed but not specifying the sign system (i.e., “Includes sign language.”; “Open signed.”).
***Government Publication Codes***
