As part of its 1992 reorganization, the Cataloging Directorate adopted an integrated
PC-based management information system called STARS as the primary **sta** tistical **r** eporting
**s** ystem in five cataloging divisions: Arts and Sciences, History and Literature, Regional and
Cooperative, Social Sciences, and Special Materials. The cataloging sections of Serial Record
Division also implemented STARS at this time. For each team and division, STARS provides
data on volume of materials received, items receiving full or partial cataloging, throughput,
productivity, work on hand, and other standard measures of cataloging efficiency and
production. This information is used for decision making, planning, budget requests, and annual
reports.
The data constituting a team's STARS database account for the types of work done and team
work hours. These data are added to the STARS database through logging in and logging out
supplemented by separate input of hours worked data. This is why it is essential that all team
members record data on the STARS Slip (Example 1) as work is done, that the team execute a
proper log-in and log-out for each item worked on, and that each team member carefully report
hours worked by filling out a weekly hours form (cf. DCM A2) so that these data may be added
to the STARS database.
Within very broad outlines, each team develops its own methods for maintaining its STARS
database. Three possible models are outlined below. The first, a single-team model, assumes
that each item has received initial bibliographic control in the Acquisitions Directorate or the
CIP Division and that each item will flow through the entire workstream in a single team. The
second, a cross-team model, is for items receiving cross-team cataloging. The third, a deferred
log-in model, is for items accepted by a team that are not yet under initial bibliographic control.
Most teams will use or adapt all three models, choosing the one appropriate to a particular
situation.
