There are times that a team cannot initially log an item in. In such cases the deferred log-in
model is suggested. Some teams, particularly those in the Serial Record and the Special
Materials Cataloging Divisions, routinely receive items that are not yet under initial
bibliographic control. Such items cannot be logged into STARS at the time they are accepted in
the team because they do not carry an LCCN or other record control number suitable for use as a
RID. To facilitate the use of STARS by such teams, an alternative model of STARS logging is
suggested below:
When an item is accepted by a team, a preprinted STARS Slip is filled out and inserted in the
item. The slip contains information known at the time and always includes the date the item was
received in the team. The slip accompanies the item through the team workstream. Each team
member who handles the item also records any STARS-related information stemming from that
activity. For instance, the descriptive cataloger records the RID as soon as an LCCN or other
record control number is assigned to the item. When the item reaches the end of the team
workstream, the STARS Slip carries all the information needed for STARS. The item is
forwarded to the next unit for appropriate handling; the STARS Slip is used to log the item in
and out of STARS in a single logging session, using the combined Log Item In/Out prompt
screen. (Note that under the deferred log-in model the date of log-in may vary considerably from
the date the item was actually received in the team.) After logging in/out, the slip is then
