The completion area of the slip is reserved for information to be used in logging the item out
of the team and claiming credit for the appropriate cataloging activity performed by the team.
**a. Date**
The last team member to handle the item before it is logged out fills in the date line. It is
important that the date reflect the date of *last handling* : this is because many teams will choose
to batch slips in order to log out large numbers of items in a single session, and the actual date of
the log-out session may not be identical to the date the item leaves the team.
**b. Source**
This category is used to keep counts of the following sources of cataloging data used by LC:
overseas, assisted (serial cataloging only), coop (cooperative). The information is recorded once
for each item cataloged, usually at the LC Washington descriptive cataloging stage, but at an
appropriate subsequent stage for items that bypass the LC Washington descriptive stage. For the
majority of records, the source is "regular," and therefore no explicit action is required, since that
when the source of descriptive cataloging is one of the following:
Overseas An LC overseas office.
Assisted Used as a source in cataloging serials. It is not valid as a source for
cataloging monographs.
Coop Use of cataloging from one of various formal cooperative cataloging
programs (fixed field box 29 contains "c") whether an older one
(name of library in 040 $a), CONSER authenticated, or a more recent
one (040 $a = DGPO/DLC (GPO cataloging of federal documents);
040 $a = DNLM/DLC (NLM cataloging of CIP materials); 042 =
lcnccp (NCCP adapts)).
**c. Completion activity**
Frequently the cataloging activity for which an item is logged into a team cannot be
completed in that team. This may happen in single-team cataloging, as when a team member
doing the descriptive aspect finds that an item intended for full cataloging is in fact an added
volume. If the necessary activity cannot be performed in the same team, the result is a cross-
team cataloging situation; for example, a team member doing the subject aspect may discover
that the item is out of the team's subject scope. The team member who discovers that the
original intended activity cannot be performed in the team marks one of the following
categories on the STARS Slip:
Out of Scope, Reject No work could be done in the team; examples include CIP duplicates
and items found to be out of scope before any work is done.
Descriptive only The item is found to be out of the team's subject scope after the
descriptive aspect has been completed in that team.
Other (Specify) All other instances, including items logged in for full cataloging that
become eligible for MLC; items logged in for full cataloging that are
found to be added volumes or CIP verification/upgrade.
If cross-team cataloging is required, the team member also fills out a Materials Routing slip,
forwards the item, and routes the STARS Slip for log-out according to team procedure. NOTE:
Ser Rec staff forwarding material as the result of doing normal descriptive-only cataloging of
