***a. Early years***
In 1960s the application of computer technology to library activities began to be explored. In
1965 the Library began to investigate and develop the capacity to prepare and distribute catalog
records in machine-readable form. By 1969 that process became another of the many services
provided by the Library on a regular production basis. From that time the Library's bibliographic
control system has undergone a long and gradual transition from the "manual" mode to the
"machine" mode. This means that although many of the fundamental characteristics of the
catalog remained the same, the medium itself changed from that of cards/paper to that of data
stored in a form appropriate to computerization. The particular storage medium may vary (tape,
disk, etc.) but the data are subject to manipulation by program, hence the reference sometimes to
data in "machine-readable" form. This in turn had the effect of extending access to the catalog
(sometimes now called the "LC Database") throughout the Library via terminals instead of its
being confined to the location of a catalog stored on cards.  Other advantages include the fact
that bibliographic data are stored in a relatively compact space and, once captured in
machine-readable form, they can be manipulated variously to provide, among other things,
access to the catalog and the capacity to retrieve information from it in ways that are
impracticable when the data are stored in card form.
***b. Materials covered***
The initial preparation of machine-readable records was for monographs in English. That
process was gradually expanded over many years to include records for items in other languages,
scripts, and forms of materials. Coverage of all materials currently cataloged was finally
***c. Transition to online mode***
The introduction of the cataloging staff to the machine environment has also been long and
gradual from that of working in an "offline" mode (essentially the staff did not interact directly
with the input/update system but instead worked through an intermediary staff specializing in
input/update) to that of working in the "online" mode (interacting directly with the input/update
system in creating a catalog record). By the end of 1991, all staff, except those of the overseas
offices, were working in the online mode, including using input/update systems developed and
maintained by agencies outside the Library.
***d. Team cataloging***
During the transition from the offline to the online mode, most cataloging was done by staff
specializing in the descriptive, subject, and shelflisting aspects, working in administrative units
organized accordingly. Toward the end of the transition, but independently of it, a special
project had been organized to explore the feasibility of different configurations for cataloging,
and in due course the decision was made to introduce the concept of team cataloging, an
arrangement under which a single team is responsible for all the aspects of cataloging
(descriptive, subject, shelflisting).
