The present documentation is interim in the sense that it attempts to accommodate two very
major changes–online cataloging and use of the team approach. Since the form of documentation
appropriate to the team approach can only be better judged after some experience using that
staffing mode, the emphasis is upon ensuring that the documentation reflects the online
environment. Nevertheless, some attempt has been made to change terminology as appropriate
(e.g., "team" instead of "section") and to re-orient toward the team approach by emphasizing
general principles instead of the specifics of workflow, since, under the team approach, much of
what was previously stated as uniform practice, particularly in matters of workflow, now
devolves to the team. The team is responsible for the end result. Aside from following
generalized conventions designed to facilitate inter-unit activities, how that result is achieved is
at the discretion of the team.
The basic material stated in DCM B5 is mainly in terms of cataloging a monograph in the
form of a book. No attempt is made to cover systematically any special information applicable
to cataloging audiovisual materials, computer files, maps, music, and sound recordings. For
serials, consult the *Serial Record Division Manual* for equivalent information.
Much of the information in this DCM is based on the planning preceding the reorganization
to the team approach. Although an attempt has been made to be relatively comprehensive and
reorganization of cataloging will stimulate additional changes, with the concomitant need to
revise documentation accordingly.
