Most staff are organized into divisions oriented by subject, language/area, form of material,
or publishing pattern (seriality). Staff assigning decimal classification numbers are in a separate
division. In general, staff are organized into teams, which are responsible for all aspects of
to indicate that descriptive cataloging, subject cataloging, and shelflisting are generally performed on the
same team but by different individuals. The term "individual whole book cataloging" is used to indicate
that a single individual does both the descriptive and subject aspects for the same item. The term
"cross-team cataloging" is used to indicate that the descriptive aspect is done in one team and the subject
and shelflisting aspects done in another.
The general workflow under the team approach is as follows:
a. "Initial bibliographic control" is the term used to describe all the activities done before
items reach the cataloging divisions. This control consists of two general stages, an
acquisition stage and an item-in-hand stage.

1. At the acquisition stage staff take the necessary steps to acquire material, including
creating an in-process record; such a record is an "in-process record in an acquisition
state," more commonly called an "acquisition record."
2. At the item-in-hand stage acquisitions staff or staff in the CIP Division (for U.S.
Copyright deposits) either update an existing acquisition record or create an
in-process record when one is lacking.
b. Staff in the cataloging teams are responsible for all the usual cataloging aspects
(descriptive, subject, shelflisting) except decimal classification.
c. Staff in the Decimal Classification Division assign decimal numbers to the items that are
candidates for such numbers.
