Many catalogs and files have been created during the Library's history, and it is helpful to put
them in perspective as they relate to cataloging. One of the basic objectives of the Library is to
use the bibliographic control system to manage the acquisition and cataloging of materials. The
traditional objectives of the catalog remain valid, namely,

a. to identify uniquely each person/entity;
b. to collocate the works of each;
c. to establish bibliographic relationships as appropriate;
d. to represent each bibliographic entity (book, serial, etc.) only once;
e. and to show what is in the Library's collections.
Beginning in 1981 with the implementation of AACR 2, the Library began a "new" catalog
based on the then existing set of machine-readable catalog records.  New cataloging was
centered around the machine-readable database but with some cataloging activity still related to
the card catalog. In 1983 the Library "closed the catalog" in the sense that all maintenance to the
card catalog ceased and the frame of reference for subsequent cataloging was confined solely to
the LC Database.
In sorting out the various files and catalogs in the Library, it helps to apply to files the
concepts of "controlled" and "uncontrolled" and to apply to the catalogs the concepts of "current
component," "retrospective component," and "complementary component." In this context, a
"file" is a very broad term meaning any group of records (manual/machine-readable) having a
common characteristic and treated as an entity.

**a. Controlled/uncontrolled files**
The files used to support the bibliographic control system are both controlled and
uncontrolled.
**1) Controlled**
A controlled file is one in which a conscious and deliberate effort is made to ensure that each
name/heading is identified accurately (one character string represents all the iterations of one and
the same name/heading) and each name/heading is unique (the character string representing each
are embodied in the cataloging rules and the mechanism for supporting the "controlled" aspect of
a controlled file is the authority record.
**2) Uncontrolled**
An uncontrolled file is one in which records are added but with varying degrees of "control,"
if any. Usually titles themselves are searched to prevent duplication of records but any
names/headings used may or may not conform to any of the conventions of systematization used
in a controlled file. Thus the same name/heading may be repeated under different forms or one
and the same character string may actually represent more than one name/entity.
**b. LC catalogs and files**
Using the theme of controlled/uncontrolled files, the disposition of the Library's files and
catalogs results in the following configuration:
CONTROLLED FILES/Catalogs
*Current component* (controlled through name/subject authority 1981- ; also referred
to as the LC Database)
BOOKSM
COMPUTER FILES
MAPS
MUSIC
VISUAL MATERIALS
SERIALS/CONSER (with some exceptions)
*Retrospective component* (controlled through name/subject authority pre-1981 in the
Official Name/Title Card Catalog (ONC); also referred to as OCAT or the "manual"
catalog)
ONC; PREMARC is the machine-readable counterpart
*Complementary component* (controlled through name/subject authority 1981- )
NUC (heading changes in authority files not yet synchronized with NUC)
UNCONTROLLED FILES
IBC
ACQUIRE (to be available in near term)
Some aspects of SERIALS/CONSER
SERLOC/SMS (includes "non-keep" serials)
SHELFLIST
The above configuration is incomplete and is one that some will no doubt find fault with.
Nevertheless, it is a useful one in attempting to orient staff engaged in cataloging. Descriptive
cataloging is done within the framework of the files constituting the *current component* of the
catalog (the LC Database) plus the IBC file and the NAMES file (name/series authority records).
The retrospective component (ONC/PREMARC) serves as a reference source and, minimally, a
resource file. The complementary component (NUC) serves both as a reference source and a
resource file.
**c. Resource files**
A resource file is primarily a **source** file from which records may be consulted or from which
they may be copied to another file.  (In a narrower sense a resource file is one from which
records may be taken and used as the basis of cataloging.) In LC, resource files are generally an
acquisitions file, a controlled file, the NUC, etc. Records in a resource file may or may not
duplicate other records in the file; there may or may not be an indication of whether LC holds the
title represented by the record. Headings in the records may or may not be controlled, i.e., there
is no front-end processing to exercise overall control. Subsets of the file may be controlled, e.g.,
all the records from a particular source such as a national bibliography. Resource files will be
used more in the future because of new developments such as the COPY feature and the
availability of machine-readable bibliographic records from other sources.
