**a. Basic procedure**
The NAMES file consists of name and series authority records; search that file first. If the
response to a search for name or title is a large one (generally 100 or more brief records), an
alternative to working one's way through the responses is to search for the name or title in one
of the several sets of the NAMES file on fiche (COM) or on CD-ROM (CD-MARC Names).
Note the control number and ***ALWAYS*** re-search the record (pcrd or ncrd) in the NAMES file
to ensure using the latest version of the authority record. If no name/series authority record is
found, then search the LC Database to ascertain whether the heading has been used in the LC
Database.
**b. Headings**
Accept headings whether the authority record is verified or unverified unless the heading
seems questionable or unless the record contains a 667 MESSAGE. However, **do not** initiate
a change to an authority record unless it is a full-level verified record. When information is to
be added/changed but the record is unverified, make a printout, annotate it with the
additions/changes to be made, and place it in a hold or tickler file. When the record is
verified, then proceed to do the changes. Meanwhile, complete the descriptive aspect of the
item and proceed according to team conventions.
If, however, the heading itself is questionable, either wait until the record is (re)verified
or else consult the cataloger currently establishing or changing the heading (code in FFD 25
or 26 respectively).
**c. Name or Series early notice record in file for more than a month**
Consult the originating cataloger (code in FFD 25) to determine whether the record can
be verified or whether there is a problem awaiting resolution.
change existing bibliographic records as needed.
