Searching is an integral part of descriptive cataloging. See DCM B5.9 (Appendix 4) for a
description of searching policies. Search each item as indicated in this section and in DCM
B5.9 (Appendix 4). Search each heading and any related heading(s) and all cross references
relevant to such headings as indicated in DCM B5.5.4. Establish all headings not found;
verify (and evaluate references) for all headings found according to AACR 2 and related rule
interpretations
and procedures. If a heading in non-AACR 2 form is found, it is necessary to consider
any needed record maintenance as specified in DCM C13.
Search first under the supposed main entry heading. Verify the presence in the LC
Database of an authority record and the exact form of heading as represented in that record,
the fact that the item in hand is new to the collections, or the presence of other editions or
related items when pertinent, etc. Various kinds of problems and other matters of importance
can arise when verifying these data. Apply to added entry headings the same verification
procedures as for main entry headings. When verifying any heading, the chief problems
encountered are those which center around the constant problem of identification:  Is the
misidentifications and other errors already committed, as well as cases which show a need for
updating or other change.
For help in recognizing and dealing with any of the matters only touched on here, see
other sections of the *Descriptive Cataloging Manual* ; e.g., for authority record and
reference evaluation procedures, see DCM Z1 (1992 revision); for procedures followed in
record/catalog maintenance, see DCM C13.
To solve particular problems or to complete the cataloging of an item, it may be
necessary to search also the manual catalog, to search the Catalogers' Reference Collection,
to make a telephone call, to write a letter, or to search in the Library's collections outside the
cataloging divisions to find needed information.
