Items purchased as sole replacement copies are sometimes mistaken as duplicates; to prevent this,
a 955 charging field is added to the bibliographic record containing any of the following types of
messages:
1. 955    $a MESSAGE:  Title missing in inventory.  Request for
replacement copy made by [initials] [date]
This message alerts staff and users that an attempt is being made to acquire the missing item.  Once the
item is received, the message is deleted.
2. 955    $a MESSAGE:  Title missing in inventory.  Replacement
copy unavailable [initials] [date]
***in Bibliographic Records***
If all attempts to acquire a replacement copy for the missing item fail, the message is changed to read as
above and is retained in the bibliographic record as a permanent statement of the situation.  In addition to
the 955 message, the first indicator of the 050 field is changed to a "1" to show that the item is not in LC;
this value generates the display constant "NOT IN LC COLLECTION".
In the case of a missing volume of a multipart item, the 955 message specifically indicates which volume
is being acquired.  If attempts to procure the missing volume are unsuccessful, that fact will be later
indicated in the message.
3. 955    $a MESSAGE:  Title missing in inventory.  Replacement
copy for this edition unavailable; another edition
substituted.  See record [lccn] [initials] [date]
If attempts to acquire a replacement copy for the missing item fail but another edition is substituted, the
message is changed to read as above and is retained in the bibliographic record as a permanent statement
of the situation.  In addition to the 955 message, the first indicator of the 050 field is changed to a "1" to
show that the item is not in LC but that another edition is available; this value generates the display
constant "NOT IN LC COLLECTION".  Since the replacement is another edition, it is cataloged
separately; there is no need to indicate in the new record for the different edition that the item replaces
another edition.
