Note: In February 2025, the cards in the Official Name/Title Catalog (ONC), also referred to
as the “Official Catalog” (OCAT), became temporarily unavailable while being moved offsite.
Once the move is complete, the cards will once again become available for use, but they will
need to be requested in order to be consulted. Given the temporary unavailability of the cards and
the extra effort that will be involved in making requests to consult the cards in the future, it is no
longer required to consult ONC cards when performing the NEW INPUT procedures described
below. Catalogers may use judgment in deciding whether to request a card and cataloging units
may set their own guidelines regarding situations when card consultation is warranted.
Consultation may be especially important for rare materials, as the cards may provide the only
source of valuable bibliographic history, references, information on authors and illustrators, and
copy-specific information, e.g. provenance data or additional copies held. If the cataloger has
consulted the ONC card, they should add a 952 note (see below) to inform future catalogers that
the consultation has occurred and thus the card need not be requested.
"New input" is the term used for:

1. converting data from an existing manual cataloging card into machine-readable form for
the first time (with or without item in hand);
2. updating/confirming that an already existing PREMARC or OCLC REPLACEMENT
record reflects the data contained in the original source card (with or without item in
hand) and, for multipart items, that fields 26X, 300, and 505 reflect LC holdings;
3. recataloging (usually with item in hand) an item represented by a PREMARC or an
For the most part, catalogers are involved with new input when adding a newly-received
published volume of a nonanalyzable multipart item but there is no collected set record in the LC
Database (LCDB; see DCM C12.4-5). In rare book cataloging or other work with older
materials, catalogers may also perform the NEW INPUT procedure for any type of material that
may be represented in various card catalogs and files in the Library. If the item is represented by
a PREMARC record (906 $c = "premunv" or "premver") or an OCLC REPLACEMENT record
(906 $c = "oclcrpl"), it is necessary to update the record to reflect current cataloging as described
below. If the item is not represented in the LCDB, it is necessary to provide a record, optionally
using information from the existing catalog card. The record can be newly input or it can be
imported from an external source and modified accordingly.
Once the NEW INPUT procedure is completed, the content of the record should be complete
in relation to the original source card (if consulted), the record should reflect LC holdings,
particularly with respect to fields 26X, 300, and 505, and the access points should reflect current
LC practice (no access point remains that contains the label "[from old catalog]"). With respect
to OCLC REPLACEMENT records, the only evidence of such replacement remaining in the
record will be the 985 field (cf. B5.12.2.4 "Guidelines For Individual Data Elements" below).
