LDR
The descriptive cataloger is responsible for correctly adjusting the following Leader elements:
06: Type of record
If a record is newly input, use the correct value for the type of
record. If the type of record value in an existing record needs to be
changed, correct it as needed . (As of August 2025, it is not
necessary to delete the existing record and create a new
bibliographic description with the correct Ldr/06 value.)
07: Bibliographic level
If a record is newly input, use the correct value for the
bibliographic level. In the unlikely event the value for
bibliographic level in an existing record needs to be changed,
consult PTCP on how to proceed.
17: Encoding level
Use blank (full level, material examined) if the material is
reexamined, i.e., the original volume(s) have been recataloged.
Use value "1" (full level, material not examined) if all the
material is not reexamined, i.e., the original volume(s) have not
been recataloged.
Use value "2" (less-than-full level, material not examined) if not all
the information as found on the extant description is input AND the
material is not reexamined.
008
Staff doing the descriptive/subject aspects are responsible for the fixed fields. Note especially:
38: Modified record *(use only for the nonroman condition)*
Use value "blank" (record includes vernacular data) for nonroman
records.
Use value "o" (fully romanized) for nonroman script languages whose catalog
records are romanized.
39: Cataloging source
Use value "c" for a card reflecting pre-1983 cooperative cataloging.
906
$a For newly input records, set to "0" (do not distribute); when the
record is completed, change to "7" (distribute) at end stage
processing. Either "0" or "7" will be present in an existing record,
depending upon the situation. At a minimum, ensure value "7" at
end stage processing; ideally, value "0" would be set until all work
on the record is completed and then the value changed to "7" at end
stage processing.
$b Ensure "cbc".
$c Ensure the appropriate code ("premver" for monographs; "serprem"
for serials; in the case of OCLC REPLACEMENT records, change
"oclcrpl" to "premver").
$d New input is priority 1.
$e Ensure "ncip".
$f Ensure 18 (1800-1899) or 19 (1900-1999) or 20 (2000- ) as
appropriate.
$g Ensure appropriate code (usually "y-gencatlg" or "y-genrareb";
"y-nonroman" if newly inputting a retrospective nonroman script
record or now adding nonroman script to an existing record in the
LCDB (cf. DCM C16.10.2.7.3, full version).
925 Not required unless there has been a change in the selection decision.
955 Use a 955 charging field to identify the process the record is going
through. Input "NEW INPUT" in the functional subfield for what
is being accomplished.
010 Retain the existing LCCN; see *MARC 21 Bibliographic Format* for
information on older LCCNs and prefixes.
035 For OCLC REPLACEMENT records, delete the 035 field that contains
the OCLC control number.
040 For a card reflecting pre-1983 cooperative cataloging, give the name of
the library in subfield $a (cf. the conversion manual for details). For all
other records, including OCLC REPLACEMENT records, ensure that the
symbols in all subfields are "DLC".
042 Ensure that the record does NOT contain an 042 field = premarc.
050 Add/use the existing call number so that it will be available during the
cataloging process. A shelflister reviews this field and has final
responsibility for it.
952 If the Official Name/Title Catalog (ONC) card has been consulted, add
a note in the 952 field, such as:
952 Official Catalog card consulted: [cataloger code] [YYYY-MM-DD]
952 If the item is not recataloged, add a 952 field that indicates the changes
made regarding the choice and form of access points, e.g.:
952 Choice/form AACR 2: [code] [date]
( *choice* ***and*** *form of access points changed to AACR 2* )
952 Form RDA: [code] [date]
( *form of access points changed to RDA* )
985 For OCLC REPLACEMENT records, retain the 985 field = OCLC
REPLACEMENT.
991 If the 991 field is the sole 991 field AND represents the copy in hand
AND comes from the BOOKS or PREMARC file, it can be deleted (any
correction required with respect to the sublocation should be made in the
holdings record Call Number Suffix ). If there are multiple 991 fields
AND one of them reflects the copy in hand AND comes from the
BOOKS or PREMARC file, it can be deleted (any correction required
with respect to the sublocation should be made in the holdings record
Call Number Suffix ). If a 991 field is from other sources such as CCF, it
must be retained.
