Optionally, request the main entry card from the Official Name/Title Catalog (ONC) or from
the Add-On-Catalog (AOC; cards for JACKPHY items) to use as the basis for the new input. If
the ONC or AOC main entry card is not available, it is permissible to use a substitute, e.g., a
photocopy, digital photograph, or other captured image of the shelflist card, a photocopy of the
version printed in the NUC, etc.
*Nonroman cards only:* If an ONC card in nonroman script is used for a language that is
now a romanizing language, make a photocopy of the card to use in cataloging and
return the original nonroman card to the ONC as a permanent record of the original
script cataloging). Retain the copy of the card with the item being cataloged as a source
of information until all aspects of cataloging (including decimal classification) have
been completed. At that point discard it.
*Cards for rare materials only:* Prior to February 2025, if an ONC card was used by the
Rare Materials Section, the card was retained in its office space. After this date, the Rare
Materials Section will not retain cards consulted from paged drawers but will return the
drawers to CMD with the same cards as was received.
Select the method of providing an up-to-date record (update of an existing PREMARC or
OCLC REPLACEMENT record or, if none exists, newly input a record or import an existing
one). The objective is to complete an up-to-date record; the method of doing this is at the
discretion of the cataloging unit. Use the data element guidelines listed below in DCM
B5.12.2.4.
**B5.12.2.3. Cataloging Conventions**
Follow the guidelines in DCM C12.4-5, as appropriate, with respect to:

a. recataloging to AACR 2 or more current cataloging codes;
b. treatment of access points;
c. older cataloging conventions;
d. nonroman scripts/data.
