The following are some of the terms used in the documentation newly prepared in
anticipation of the reorganization of cataloging to the team mode. Most of the terms are new;
some are not, but are used to indicate a certain precision as conveyed by their definition.
**Acquisition stage** - that stage of initial bibliographic control in which staff take the
necessary steps to acquire material, including creating an in-process record; such a record is an
"in-process record in an acquisition state," more commonly called an "acquisition record."
**Acquisitions Bibliographic Support Project (ABSP)** - a new unit composed of staff
previously in the Preliminary Cataloging Section of the former Descriptive Cataloging Division
and in the Preparatory Cataloging Section of the former Shared Cataloging Division. They
continue to carry out their previous work but now under the aegis of the Acquisitions
Directorate. The work is done at the item-in-hand stage. The unit *per se* is interim until after the
reorganization of the Acquisitions Directorate at which time the unit will disappear as the staff
are incorporated into the newly reorganized acquisitions units.
**Aspect** - used to indicate a portion of the cataloging process as in the "descriptive aspect,"
"the subject aspect," or the "shelflist aspect."
**Assigning to cataloging divisions** - done at the item-in-hand stage of initial bibliographic
control by checking a box on the priority slip indicating the division to which an item is being
forwarded for cataloging.
**Brief JACKPHY** - less-than-full romanized machine-readable records prepared between
January 1981-May 1983 for items in JACKPHY languages in addition to the vernacular card
program for these items.
**Policy and Standards Division (PSD)** - a unit composed of staff from all the following
former units: Office for Descriptive Cataloging Policy; Office for Subject Cataloging Policy.
The new Office also contains some staff from the following former units: MARC Editorial
Division; Office of the Director for Cataloging; Preparatory Cataloging Section, Shared
Cataloging Division; Shelflisting Section, Subject Cataloging Division.
**Charging** - use of the 955 field to indicate the location of an item in-process; "to charge" or
"charge" is to add one's staff code and date to indicate custody of an item; "to discharge" or
"discharge" is to indicate the location ("to .. [date]") to which an item has been referred or
forwarded.
**Cross team cataloging** - cataloging involving more than one team, usually the descriptive
aspect being done in one team, the subject and shelflist aspects being done in another.
**Final cataloging stages** - the term used to indicate a broader series of steps, usually
including some aspect of subject cataloging/shelflisting/decimal classification as well as the
narrower process called "end-stage processing." The latter term is used to indicate a narrower
range of activity, usually those final steps/checks done to complete the record just before it is
verified or migrated followed by either migration or verification itself.
**Forwarding** - "forwarding" usually means that an item is being forwarded because it is out
of scope or for completion of cataloging (including cross-team cataloging; decimal
classification) and is therefore not expected to be returned, although there are some instances in
which the final disposition is unknown, as in the case of forwarding for possible cataloging as a
serial. The person/unit forwarding the item discharges it in the 955 field indicating the unit to
which it is being forwarded ("to XXOO [date]").
**Individual whole book cataloging** - the term used to indicate a single individual does both
the descriptive and subject aspects for the same item.
**Initial bibliographic control (IBC)** - the term used to encompass all processing done before
items reach the cataloging divisions. In general, that processing is done in two stages, the
acquisition stage and the item-in-hand stage.
**Item-in-hand stage** - that stage of initial bibliographic control in which acquisitions staff or
staff in the CIP Division (for U.S. Copyright deposits) either update an existing acquisition
record or create an in-process record when one is lacking.
**JACKPHY languages** - for monographs in nonroman scripts, the Library distinguishes
between those languages in which it is acceptable to romanize the bibliographic record excluding
any vernacular data altogether and those languages in which the record contains not only the data
in romanization but also data in the vernacular (in pre-defined fields). The latter are the
following seven languages: Japanese, Arabic, Chinese, Korean, Persian, Hebrew, and Yiddish.
These are known as the "JACKPHY languages," the acronym being derived from the names of
the languages.
**JACKPHY MARC** - full romanized machine-readable records prepared between 1983-1991
for items in JACKPHY languages in addition to the vernacular card program for these items.
When input of a machine-readable record containing vernacular data via RLIN became available
for a particular JACKPHY language, JACKPHY MARC for that language ceased.
**Logging** - the term used for STARS activity to distinguish this activity from "charging,"
which relates solely to the location of an item as recorded in the 955 field of the bibliographic
record; "to log-in" or "log-in" is to record an incoming item in STARS; "to log-out" or "log-out"
is to record an outgoing item in the STARS system.
machine-readable form. For the most part, catalogers are involved with new input when adding
a newly-received published volume of a multipart item classified as a collection but there is no
collected set record in the LC Database.
**Referrals** - a "referral" usually means that an item is referred for cataloging assistance and is
expected to be returned to the referring unit.
**Romanizing languages** - the non-JACKPHY languages in nonroman scripts for which it is
acceptable to romanize the bibliographic record excluding any vernacular data altogether.
**Statistical Reporting System (STARS)** - a PC-based statistical software package developed
specifically to gather statistical information about cataloging activity in a systematic manner.
**Team cataloging** - a mode of cataloging in which the descriptive, subject, and shelflisting
aspects are generally performed on the same team but each aspect is done by different
individuals.
