The following table summarizes the data elements to be checked or changed when an RDA
record is imported.  The list includes typical "LC Core+" elements that the cataloger or
technician should add if not present.
Also apply the guidelines in DCM B13 for fields not included in this table (e.g., 041, 043,
050, 082, 504, subject headings), including the "pass through" concept for elements not generally
supplied by LC.  Remember that LC copy cataloging focuses on accepting the cataloging of
other libraries as much as possible, limiting changes to egregious errors.
If technician is importing  the RDA record,
 fields marked with a double asterisk should be discussed with a cataloger;
 the record should be referred to a cataloger if authorized forms are not
available in the LC/NACO Authority file for the following fields in the
bibliographic record: 1XX, 240, 600-630, and 7XX fields other than linking
entry fields and those for analytical authorized access points (7XX indicator 2
= 2);
 if "Encoding level 7 lccopycat" technique is to be used, follow your
section/division practice for referring access points to a cataloger, as
applicable.
**Data**
**Element Name RDA > RDA Action**
Ldr/18 Descriptive cataloging Assure "i" (ISBD)
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  9*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**Element Name RDA > RDA Action**
form
040 $b Language of Add "eng" if not present
cataloging
040 $e Description Assure "rda" (and "dcrmb" if
conventions appropriate)
042 $a Authentication code Assure "pcc" or "lccopycat" as
applicable (retain "lcode" as
appropriate)
130/240 ****** Uniform (preferred) The most likely situations needing
title attention:
(1) If the resource is a translation,
ensure the presence of the preferred
title of the original and only one
language name in subfield $l.
(2) If the resource is a compilation of
works by one creator, ensure the
presence of the correct form of the
conventional title if appropriate.
(3) If the resource is a revised
expression or manifestation with a
different title proper from the
original work, ensure the presence of
the preferred title for the original
work.
245 Title proper, etc. Add missing other title information if
presented with title proper in the
resource.  (LC Core+)
Add missing parallel title(s) from
any source in the resource.  (LC
Core+)
Ensure the presence of the first
statement of responsibility from any
source in the resource.
246 Variant title Consider adding a 246 field for the
corrected form of title when errors
were transcribed in the title proper.
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  10*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**Element Name RDA > RDA Action**
246 Later title proper Add for later titles of a multipart
monograph.  (LC Core+)
264/260 Publication $a Ensure that first place of first
information publisher is transcribed as found in
the resource, supply a place of
publication, or use "[Place of
publication not identified]".
$c Ensure that date of publication is
given even if it is a supplied date
(e.g., it may be necessary to convert
a copyright date to a supplied
publication date).  If no publication
date can be supplied, record "[date of
publication not identified]" and
record another type of date in a
subsequent 264 field.  Supply
missing parts of publication,
distribution, manufacture statements
when necessary for understanding.
Multipart monographs: an existing
260 field (the RDA record was
created before field 264 was defined)
may be changed to a 264 when
adding additional 264 fields at the
cataloger's discretion, presuming the
cataloger has enough information to
select the appropriate 2nd indicator
value.
300 Physical description Assure $b identifies illustrations if
resource is intended for children.
For incomplete multipart
monographs, give only "volumes" in
$a; ensure that the volume being
processed is represented by an item
record.  Ensure that subfield $c is
present.  (LC Core+)
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  11*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**Element Name RDA > RDA Action**
336 Content type Assure $a text $2 rdacontent  Accept
$b if present; accept other $a if
appropriate.
337 Media type Assure $a unmediated $2 rdamedia
(LC Core+)
Accept $b if present; accept other $a
if appropriate.
338 Carrier type Assure $a volume $2 rdacarrier
Accept $b if present; accept other $a
if appropriate.
490 Series statement Check for and assure/supply ISSN
and numbering of series and of
subseries.  (LC Core+)
505 Formatted contents Supply contents note for
note compilations when appropriate.  (LC
Core+)
520 Summary note Supply if resource is fiction intended
for children.  (LC Core+)
521 Intended audience Supply if resource is intended for
children.  (LC Core+)
546 Language/script Supply for some situations/scripts.
(LC Core+)
7XX Added entry Assure/add access points for

| (authorized access | illustrator(s) of a resource intended |
| --- | --- |
| point) fields for | for children.  (LC Core+)  Use the |
| names of persons, | Appendix I designator "illustrator" in |
| families, and | MARC 21 subfield $e.  If the field |
| corporate bodies | already contains the code "ill" in |

subfield $4, add "illustrator" in
subfield $e preceding subfield $4:
"..., "
$e illustrator. $4 ill
7XX ****** Added entry If the resource is a compilation,

| (authorized access | assure/add an authorized access point |
| --- | --- |
| point) fields for | for the first or principal |
| related works and | work/expression if it is substantial. |
| expressions | Assure that any subfield $i |

*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  12*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**Element Name RDA > RDA Action**
containing an Appendix J designator
is the first subfield in the field.
775 ****** Other edition entry For a reproduction, give information
(related about the original publication when
manifestation) the earlier record is available;
otherwise, use bibliographic history
note (500).  (LC Core+)
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  13*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
