Make the following changes:

1. in the second indicator position (Type of added entry) change the obsolete value 0
(Alternative entry) to blank (No information provided) if the 740 is equivalent to what is
now recorded in field 246 or if it is for the uncontrolled form of a title of a related work
external to the resource being cataloged;
2. in the second indicator position change the obsolete value 1 (Secondary entry) to 2
(Analytical entry) if an uncontrolled analytical added entry for the title of an independent
work contained within the resource.

**B13.3.4.29.8XX Fields (Series Added Entries)** (See also 4XX fields)
Ensure that:

1. no 8XX field is redundant, e.g., delete an 830 field if there is also a 440 field for the same
series and they match exactly; if they do not, convert the 440 to 490 1#;
2. all the series added entries (8XX) have corresponding series statements (4XX);
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  24*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.

**B13.3.4.30.923 Field (Local Shipment/Invoice Information)**
Some methods of importing (e.g., MARCADIA) result in the 923 field being positioned at
the top of the record (between 906 and 925 fields).  It is not necessary to reposition.
**B13.3.4.31.950 field (Local Call Number)**
If a 950 field is in an imported record, the record cannot be saved.  Either delete the field or
convert it temporarily to an 097 field or use it for the eventual 050 field.  (See B13.3.4.11
050/090/097 Fields above.)  Since about March 2004 the pre-processing software applied to
MARCADIA imports checked any 950 field.  If a class or call number was present, the field was
changed to 097.  If there was no class or call number present, the field was deleted.
**B13.3.4.32.952 Field (Local Cataloger’s Permanent Note)**
Retain if present only if the data in the field are pertinent to the resource being cataloged.
See B13.7 (Appendix 4) for multipart monographs.
**B13.3.4.33.955 field  (Local Functional Identifying Information)**
Some methods of importing (e.g., Z-Processor, MARCADIA) result in a new 955 field being
positioned at the top of the record and the old one positioned at the bottom.  Do not delete or add
to the old 955 field.
**B13.3.4.34.985 field (Local Record History)**
This field is used to identify records for various purposes, usually the source of the record
(e.g., LC’s overseas offices) or a particular service (e.g., RLIN’s MARCADIA service):
985 ## $a rlin $c rlin $e marcadia
Field 985 is added to the record through pre-processing or other software; retain it, but it does
not need to be reviewed.
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  25*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
