In the special conditions stated below in 1)-9), follow the instructions given for each
condition.  The principles governing the instructions are:
•      obtain an LC-assigned classification number through one of the techniques
described below; or,
•      a staff member performing the copy cataloging may need to refer the resource,
according to section practice, to someone in the section/division who does subject
cataloging for classification when there is no LCC-based number in the imported
record or such a number is present but there is any question about it, e.g., the
LCC-based number cannot be found in the classification schedules or other works
in the catalog with the same class number seem to be on a different topic or the
number is obsolete.
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  9*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
If there is another recent edition or translation of the resource in hand, use the call number
from that other edition/translation but do not do any adjustments to reflect the item in hand, e.g.,
do not change the date.  Example:
050 00 $a E559.7.C55 $b D4 2000 +
*(Edition in hand is 2004; the date in the call number will be changed at the*
*time of shelflisting.)*
**EXCEPTION:** For Chinese materials, use a Cutter based on Pinyin for an edition in hand unless
the Cutter is printed in a classification schedule or is recorded in field 053 in a NAR.
LC copy cataloging does not contain alternate classification numbers.  Do not add.  Delete if
present.
**2) Collected set call number–LC general series policy being applied**
If the 097 field contains a series number at the end of subfield $b **and** the resource in hand is
being cataloged according to LC general series policy (classify separately, analyze in full; cf.
DCM M5.1):

a. retain the call number in the imported record but change the tag to 050 and the
indicators to 14 (050 14);
b. in addition, assign a "classified separately" call number to the LC resource (050 00).

**3) LC collected set call number–LC DCM M5.8.3-4 exceptions being applied**
If there is a collected set record for a multipart monograph or a monographic series of which
the resource in hand is a part, **and** the resource in hand is a multipart monograph or monographic
series that LC by exception classifies as a collection as identified in DCM M5.8.3-M5.8.4, use
the collected set number from the collected set record.  Example:
050 00$a KFI1280 $b .I4 +
*(Resource in hand is number 9 in the set; the volume numbering will be*
*added at the time of shelflisting.)*
**4) Literary author classification number**
If  the resource in hand is a work of literature (fiction, poetry, prose, drama, etc.), search for a
name authority record for the author of the work.  Look for an 053 field.  If present, use that
number.  If an 097 field is present in the bibliographic record, adjust it accordingly; otherwise,
supply the number to be used according to section practice.  If no author number is found, refer,
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  10*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
050 00 $a PS3557.R355 +
*(The second Cutter number, date, etc. will be added at the time of*
*shelflisting.)*
**5) FC classification numbers**
FC classification numbers supplement Library of Congress Classification and are used by
Canadian libraries.  Refer, as needed within the section/division, for classification.
**6) PS8001-8599 classification numbers**
PS8001-8599 classification numbers supplement Library of Congress Classification and are
used by Canadian libraries.  Refer, as needed within the section/division, for classification.
**7) PZ3 and PZ4 classification numbers**
PZ3 and PZ4 classification numbers are obsolete.  Refer, as needed within the
section/division, for classification.
**8) Bibliographies**
Topical bibliographies in subjects other than law and music are classed in Z.  Do not provide
an alternate classification number.  If the resource in hand is a topical bibliography in other than
law and music, do the following:

a. if an 097 field is present and contains a Z classification number, use the Z number unless
it inaccurately represents the contents of the work;
b. if an 097 field is present but does not contain a Z classification number, refer, as needed
within the section/division, for classification.

**9) Class number/first subject heading**
Supply a class number that corresponds to the first subject heading.  See B13.8 (Appendix 5)
for further information.)
**B13.3.4.12.082 field (Dewey Decimal Classification Number)**
Retain if the second indicator value is set to “4" (Assigned by an agency other than LC; set
by the Z-Processor program); otherwise delete.  If there is a second indicator value set to "4", do
not send to Dewey.  Instead, send directly to CALM or BCCD, as appropriate.  If a resource does
not have an 082 field and is among the materials actually assigned a classification number there
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  11*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**B13.3.4.13.090 Field (LCC-Based Classification/Call Number)**
See 050/090/097 fields above under B13.3.4.11.
**B13.3.4.14.092 Field (Local Dewey Decimal Classification Number)**
Delete the field.  Do not convert it to an 082 field.
**B13.3.4.15.097 Field (LCC-Based Classification/Call Number)**
See 050/090/097 fields above under B13.3.4.11.
**B13.3.4.16.1XX Field (Main Entry)**
