A special form of copy cataloging called  “Encoding-level 7 copy cataloging” (EL7
lccopycat) was implemented beginning in March 1, 2000.  It takes its name from the fact that
encoding level 7 (Minimal level) is applied to records imported and done as LC copy cataloging
(042 = lccopycat).  This allows a section to take a flexible approach to copy cataloging without
having a less-complete LC- issued record overlay an existing record in other databases,
particularly in OCLC.  This allows LC to adjust the complements of name and subject headings
without having a negative impact on existing records in other systems. **NOTE:** do not apply this
technique to PCC records.
Use of value 7 puts a record in the category ordinarily called “enhanced MLC.”
Nevertheless, this technique may be applied to current materials, i.e., without the cutoff period
ordinarily applied to MLC.  It is critically important that each cataloger following these
procedures set the encoding level (Ldr/17) to “7" to prevent untoward overlay of an already
existing record by an LC-issued record, particularly in OCLC.  If this overlay occurs, the
existing record in OCLC essentially disappears and data may be lost.
EL 7 lccopycat records may be less complete than standard copy cataloging records with
respect to:

1. fixed fields;
2. authority work;
3. the complement of 7XX added entries;
4. the complement of 6XX subject headings.
The objective is still to “do no harm,” i.e.:
a. to ensure that the description of a resource accurately reflects the resource such that an
observer of the record can determine whether it fits another copy of the resource that is in
hand;
b. to fit the headings on a particular record within the catalog.
Value 7 in the encoding level (instead of “blank”) is the signal that some of the fixed fields
may not have been checked/supplied and that some of the name headings may not be represented
by authority records.  While it is possible that an imported record that is a candidate for EL7
lccopycat treatment may turn out to exemplify full level cataloging, sections choosing this
approach may decide, as a matter of expediency, to apply the procedures to all copy cataloging
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  1*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
in an attempt to realize increased reductions in arrearages.
