The checklist of data elements given in the next section is a list of MARC 21 data elements
that may occur in imported records.  Some are more likely to occur than others, e.g., it is less
likely that data elements defined especially to accommodate some of the particular
characteristics of serials will also occur in records for monographs.
The purpose of the checklist is to indicate:

1. the data elements and fields that must be reviewed, corrected, deleted, or supplied by the
LC staff member doing copy cataloging;
2. the data elements and fields that can be accepted as they are.
The former are referred to as data elements actively supplied by LC, the latter are referred to as
pass-through data element.  No action is taken against a pass-through data element during copy
review unless the data element is in error as indicated by an error message generated by the
Validator program or the LC ILS. In such cases delete the data element.
In the checklist below, the column to the left indicates the MARC 21 variable field tag, the
next column the name of the field.  The next column contains one or more codes from the
following list, and the final column on the right includes explanatory comments for some fields.

**yy** indicates a data element actively supplied by LC in original cataloging; for
LC copy cataloging, review and change the data element as needed
according to the instructions given in Part 3 and Appendix 10 of the CCM
or any annotation given in the checklist;  even though actively supplied in
original cataloging, **add** only if provided for in the CCM.
**nn** usually indicates a data element not actively supplied by LC in original
cataloging--thus a “pass-through” data element; do not review or change
the data element **unless** there is an error message associated with it, in
which case delete it (“nn” alone not followed by “ss”).
**yn** indicates a partially supplied, partially pass-through data element condition;
in LC the data element may be actively supplied on a limited basis, e.g., by
specific cataloging units or for specific cataloging situations or only limited
aspects are supplied, e.g., only certain subfields of a variable field; the data
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  1*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
actively supply them when those units or staff are doing copy cataloging;
otherwise they are pass-through (if not applied in a section, do not refer for
review).
**dd** delete the data element (either not wanted by LC or not retained as a
pass-through data element).
**rr** the data element is copy specific or applicable specifically to the resource
being cataloged; retain only if applicable to the LC resource (not very
likely)
**ss** the data element is or may be system supplied (LC ILS); this code will
appear as a second code in the column for codes as applicable.
Sometimes a code is followed by a comment in the last column.
