Records imported through the Z-PROCESSOR program contain the following variations
from standard LC cataloging records.
**1) Identification:**
955 field at the top of the record: $a [code] [date] z-processor
**2) Variant order of fields:**
In records imported from OCLC, the 0XX fields will not necessarily reflect strict tag
number order.  This order reflects that of the imported record and does not result from any
manipulations done by Z-Processor.   Staff may, but are not required to resequence this block
of fields.
**3) Duplicate fields resulting from merge**
Any fields that Z-Processor generates that are also retained as the result of the merge
profile will be duplicated in the resulting merged record unless the content of the fields is
exactly the same.  This duplication will most frequently occur with fields 906, 925, and 955.
906 if more than one is present, the first one reflects the latest workflow and
other information as formulated by Z-Processor; retain the first one and
delete any others
925 if more than one is present, the first one reflects the default 925 added by
Z-Processor and any other is the one from the original record; judge which
accurately reflects the selection decision and delete the other one; move the
retained one to the standard position for 925 as needed
955 the one at the top of the record reflects the one added by Z-Processor; any
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  2*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
record; retain both but only add new 955 data to the one at the top
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  3*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
