Examples:
Subject heading: 650 #0 $a Barrier-free design
Structured subject barrier free
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  2*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.

| Results: | “Barrier-free design” is established |
| --- | --- |
| Subject heading: | 600 30 $a Adams family |
| Structured subject | adams fam |

heading:
Results: “Adams family” is established
Click on R to open Verify tagging of the heading
auth. rec.:
Subject heading: 650 #0 $a Nature
Structured nature
subject heading:
Results: “Nature” is established.
Some subject headings contain the free-floating terms or phrases "... Metropolitan Area," "...
Region, or "... Suburban Area",  which do not have their own authority records.  To validate
them, it is necessary to check 1) whether the basic heading is established and 2) whether the
free-floating phrase or term has been combined correctly with the basic heading.  For
information on the use and construction of these free-floating subject headings, consult SHM  H
362, H 760, and H 790.  When searching these headings, omit the free-floating term.  If the
search reveals that the basic heading is established, then check the relevant SHM instruction to
ensure that the heading is correctly constructed.
Examples:
Subject heading: 651 #0 $a Baikal, Lake, Region (Russia)
Structured baikal la
subject heading:
Results: “Baikal, Lake (Russia)” is established
Check SHM: H Heading is correctly formulated
760
Subject heading: 651 #0 $a Toledo Mountains Region (Spain)
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  3*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
heading:
Results: “Toledo Mountains (Spain)” is established
Check SHM: H Heading is correctly formulated
760
Subject heading: 651 #0 $a Boston Metropolitan Area (Mass.)
Structured subject boston mass
heading:
Results: “Boston (Mass.)” is established
Check SHM: H Heading is correctly formulated
760
