**1)    050 field, second indicator position (Source of call number)**
Change the obsolete value blank (Undefined) to 0 (Assigned by LC).
**2)    100  field, second indicator position (Main entry/subject relationship)**
Change the obsolete value 0 (Main entry/subject relationship irrelevant) to a blank
(Undefined).  Change the obsolete value 1 (Main entry is subject) to a blank and add the 1XX
entity as a 6XX.
**3)    260 field, first indicator position (Presence of publisher in imprint)**
Change the obsolete value 0 (Publisher, distributor, etc. is present) to a blank (Undefined).
Change the obsolete value 1 (Publisher, distributor, etc. not present) to a blank and add the
publisher, etc. as appropriate in the $b subfield.
**4)    700, 710, 711, 730 fields, second indicator position (Type of added entry)**
Change the obsolete values 0 (Alternative entry) and 1 (Secondary entry) to a blank (No
information provided).
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  1*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**entry), subfield $f (Date of a work)**
Delete dates of a work from analytical added entries except when occurring in added entries
for the Bible, for "Works," and for "Selections" (cf. LCRI 21.30M).
**6)    740 field (Variant title)**
Change the obsolete values 0 (Alternative entry) and 1 (Secondary entry) to a blank (No
information provided).  In field 740 the most likely obsolete value to occur is value 1.
As the result of format integration, beginning in 1995 variant titles heretofore carried in this
field are carried in field 246.  It is not mandatory to change existing 740 fields to 246 fields.
Since new fields added at LC exemplify current practice, this results in a mixed practice within a
single record.
