Generally accept the order of the subject headings as given.  However, to the extent
practicable, ensure that the LC classification number and the first LC subject heading
correspond, i.e., ensure that the first subject heading is the one that represents the predominant
topic of the resource in hand.
**B13.3.4.25.3.6XX second indicator**
The second indicator position of 6XX fields contains a value indicating the subject heading
system represented by the subject heading.  Subject headings with second indicator values 0-7
may be present in an imported record.  Treat these categories as follows:
0 - Library of Congress subject headings
Search and validate according to the guidelines given below in B13.8
(Appendix 5).
1 - LC subject headings for children's literature
Follow the guidelines in B13.6 (Appendix 3) for the treatment of children's
materials.
2 - Medical subject headings/National Library of Medicine
Retain as given.
3 - National Agricultural Library subject headings
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  18*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
4 - Source not specified
Delete if it is immediately obvious that any one is:

a. redundant to any LC subject heading(s) in the record;
b. less specific than any LC subject heading(s) in the record;
c. incorrect, e.g. the subject heading is Australia, but the resource in hand is
about Austria.
If this determination cannot be made quickly or there is doubt about any
aspect, retain as given.
5 - Canadian Subject Headings
Retain as given.
6 - Répertoire des vedettes-matière
Retain as given.
7 - Source specified in subfield $2
Retain as given.
