There are currently three cataloging streams applicable to importing external records.  They
are identified by the codes used in field 906 (Local Processing Field), subfield $c (Local
processing workflow) as follows (cf. DCM C16.10 and DCM E1):
copycat LC copy cataloging stream (906 $c = copycat; 042 = lccopycat).  Indicates
a record created externally that is a candidate for use for a resource LC now
holds.
pccadap PCC adapt (008/39 (Cataloging source) = c or #; 906 $c = pccadap; 042 =
pcc).  Indicates a PCC record created externally that is a candidate for use
for a resource that LC now holds.
origres Indicates a record created externally that does not meet the criteria for LC
copy cataloging but can, according to section practice, be a candidate for
use for LC original cataloging based on that record.
When importing external records destined for these cataloging streams, certain data
manipulations must be made to orient intelligibly the imported IBC record within the LCDB as
well as identify the cataloging stream under which the record is being processed.  These data
manipulations are performed either by the staff member importing the record or by using special
software as described below.
The circumstances under which an external record may be imported vary as follows:

1. there is no IBC record at all in the LCDB;
2. there is an IBC record but there may be a fuller external record;
3. there is a PCN record but there may be a fuller external record that now reflects the book;
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  4*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
reflects the book;
5. the IBC record is an encoding level 5 lcode record from an LC overseas office but there
now may be a version of the lcode record upgraded externally that reflects completed
cataloging.
Records created by libraries participating in the Program for Cooperative Cataloging (PCC) are a
subset of copy cataloging but are treated separately and distinctly because the headings in these
records are supposed to reflect the authorized forms and any needed authority work is to have
been done.  There is not this predictability in non-PCC records (the headings may be
authoritative but this is not known until each has been searched), and for this reason PCC records
are preferred (008/39 (Cataloging source) = c or # (National bibliographic agency); 042 = pcc).
