These are LC records either originally issued as IBC/in-process records (encoding level = 5)
from an overseas office (042 = lcode) or encoding level 5 records for JACKPHY materials
created in RLIN by LC staff for which an external source has completed the cataloging and
upgraded the record to full level (encoding level = blank) or core (encoding level = 4).  Such
records are candidates for import.  If the upgrading library is a non-PCC library, treat such
records as copy cataloging EXCEPT leave 008/39 (Cataloging Source) blank.  Accept the 040
field as is and add a $d subfield with “DLC.”  In field 042 add an $a subfield with the code
“lccopycat” (following  an existing $a with the code “lcode” if present; in the example, UPL =
upgrading library):
040 ## $a DLC $c DLC $d UPL $d DLC
042 ## $a lcode $a lccopycat
040 ## $a DLC-R $c DLC-R $d UPL $d DLC
042 ## $a lccopycat
If the upgrading library is a PCC library, treat such records as PCC adapts **EXCEPT** leave
008/39 (Cataloging Source) blank (National bibliographic agency).  Accept the cataloging level
(full or core), and accept the 040 field as is and add a $d subfield with “DLC.”  In field 042 add
an $a subfield with the code “pcc” (following  an existing $a with the code “lcode” if present; in
the example, UPL = upgrading library):
040 ## $a DLC $c DLC $d UPL $d DLC
042 ## $a lcode $a pcc
040 ## $a DLC-R $c DLC-R $d UPL $d DLC
042 ## $a pcc
**B13.3.4.8.041 Field (Language Code)**
An 041 field should be present as appropriate.  Retain, add, or delete according to the
situation.  Ensure that the codes are valid ones as listed in *MARC Code List for Languages* and
that the first code is the same as that used in 008/35-37.  [If there is doubt about the 041 field or
if it is not present but it seems one should be, refer, as needed, within the section.]
**B13.3.4.9.042 Field (Authentication Code)**
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  7*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
If more than one code is present in repeated $a subfields, ensure that the codes are mutually
exclusive (delete any occurrences of “lccopycat” beyond a single occurrence) and that
“lccopycat” is given last.
042 ## $a nlmcopyc
042 ## $a lccopycat
results in
042 ## $a nlmcopyc $a lccopycat
One of the other codes that may be present is “lcode,” indicating that the record originated in
an LC overseas office (cf. DCM E1.2.3-4) or “lcac,” indicating the record is part of the annotated
card program for children’s literature.
**B13.3.4.10.043 Field (Geographic Area Code)**
Verify that any geographic area code in an imported record is a valid one and is correctly
applied to the resource in hand.  (Cf. SHM Appendix E and the *MARC Code List for Geographic*
*Areas* .)  If lacking, and the resource in hand is a candidate for a geographic area code, add, at the
discretion of the section.
**B13.3.4.11.050/090/097/950 Fields (LC And LCC-Based Classification/Call Numbers)**
