The following table summarizes the data elements to be checked or changed when an
imported AACR2 record is converted to RDA.  The list includes typical "LC Core+" elements
that the cataloger or technician should add if not present.
Also apply the guidelines in DCM B13 for fields not included in this table (e.g., 041, 043,
050, 082, 504, subject headings), including the "pass through" concept for elements not generally
supplied by LC.  Remember that LC copy cataloging focuses on accepting the cataloging of
other libraries as much as possible, limiting changes to egregious errors.
If a technician is changing the AACR2 record to an RDA record,
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  3*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
 the record should be referred to a cataloger if authorized forms are not
available in the LC/NACO Authority file for the following fields in the
bibliographic record: 1XX, 240, 600-630, and 7XX fields other than linking
entry fields and those for analytical authorized access points (7XX indicator 2
= 2).
Note that the information given in bold italic type will be present in the record if the "IBC to
RDA" macro is involved (CTRL+SHIFT+0).
**Data**
**Element Name AACR2 > RDA Action**
***Ldr/18 Descriptive Assure "i" (ISBD)***
***cataloging form***
***040 $b Language of Assure "eng"***
***cataloging***
***040 $e Description Assure "rda"*** (and "dcrmb") if
***conventions*** appropriate
***042 $a Authentication code Assure "pcc" or "lccopycat" as***
***applicable*** (retain "lcode" when
appropriate)
1XX ****** Main entry (Creator) Add creator if missing (the most
likely situation would be if more
than three persons or bodies are
named in a single statement of
responsibility).  For compilations,
remove creator if the resource
contains works by more than one
creator.
130/240** Uniform (preferred) The most likely situations needing
title attention:
(1) If the resource is a translation,
ensure the presence of the preferred
title of the original and only one
language name in subfield $l.
(2) If the resource is a compilation
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  4*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**Element Name AACR2 > RDA Action**
of works by one creator, ensure the
presence of the correct form of the
conventional title if appropriate (for
example, note that "Selections" by
itself is not an appropriate title).
(3) If the resource is a revised
expression or manifestation with a
different title proper from the
original work, ensure the presence
of the preferred title for the original
work.
(4) For compilations, remove the
field if it represents only the first
work in the compilation.
245 Title proper, etc. Delete "[sic]" or "[i.e., ____]."
Remove $h if present.
Add missing other title information
if presented with the title proper in
the resource. (LC Core+)
Add missing parallel title(s) from
any source in the resource.  (LC
Core+)
Ensure the presence of the first
statement of responsibility from
any source in the resource.  In an
existing statement of responsibility,
replace "[et al.]" with a full
transcription of the statement, or
use "[and ____ others]" (supplying
the appropriate number).
246 Variant title If "[sic]" or "[i.e., ___]" was
removed from the title proper,
consider adding a 246 field for the
corrected form.
246 Later title proper Add for later titles of a multipart
monograph.  (LC Core+)
250 Edition statement Expand any unauthorized
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  5*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**Element Name AACR2 > RDA Action**
abbreviations and record numerals
as found in the resource.
260/264 Publication For a single-part resource, change
information the tag to 264 and use the
appropriate 2nd indicator value
based on the content of the field.
$a Ensure that first place of first
publisher is transcribed as found in
the resource.  Replace "[S.l.]" with
a supplied place if possible or
"[Place of publication not
identified]".
$b Expand abbreviations when
applicable, and add missing words
in the name of the publisher.
$c Ensure that date of publication is
given even if it is a supplied date
(e.g., it may be necessary to convert
a copyright date to a supplied
publication date).  If no publication
date can be supplied, record "[date
of publication not identified]" and
record another type of date in a
subsequent 264 field.
Supply missing parts of
publication, distribution,
manufacture statements when
necessary for understanding.
Multipart monographs: prefer not to
change an existing 260 field to 264.
It is permissible to update pre-RDA
records with changes in production,
publication, distribution, and
manufacture elements by adding
either the 260 field or the 264 field
at the cataloger's discretion.
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  6*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**Element Name AACR2 > RDA Action**
300 Physical description Expand abbreviations when
applicable.
Assure $b identifies illustrations if
resource is intended for children.
For incomplete multipart
monographs, give only "volumes"
in $a; ensure that volume being
processed is represented by an item
record.
Ensure that subfield $c is present.
(LC Core+)
***336 Content type Give $a text $2 rdacontent***
Accept $b if present; accept other
$a if appropriate.
***337 Media type Give $a unmediated $2 rdamedia***
(LC Core+)
Accept $b if present; accept other
$a if appropriate.
***338 Carrier type Give $a volume $2 rdacarrier***
Accept $b if present; accept other
$a if appropriate.
490 Series statement Check for and assure/supply ISSN
and numbering of series and of
subseries.  (LC Core+)
505 Formatted contents Supply contents note for
note compilations when appropriate.
(LC Core+)
520 Summary note Supply if resource is fiction
intended for children.  (LC Core+)
521 Intended audience Supply if resource is intended for
children. (LC Core+)
546 Language/script Supply for some situations/scripts.
(LC Core+)
7XX Added entry Assure/add access points for
(authorized access illustrator(s) of a resource intended
point) fields for for children.  (LC Core+)
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  7*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**Element Name AACR2 > RDA Action**

| names of persons, | Use the Appendix I designator |
| --- | --- |
| families, and | "illustrator" in MARC 21 subfield |
| corporate bodies | $e.  If the field already contains the |

code "ill" in subfield $4, add the
term in subfield $e preceding
subfield $4: "...,
$e illustrator.
"
$4 ill
Remove 7XX for creator if moved
to 1XX position per RDA.
7XX ****** Added entry If the resource is a compilation,

| (authorized access | assure/add an authorized access |
| --- | --- |
| point) fields for | point for the first or principal |
| related works and | work/expression if it is substantial. |
| expressions | Assure that any subfield $i |

containing an Appendix J
designator is the first subfield in the
field.
775 ****** Other edition entry For a reproduction, give
(related information about the original
manifestation) publication when the earlier record
is available; otherwise, use
bibliographic history note (500).
(LC Core+)
