Resources that are candidates for copy cataloging undergo pre-cataloging screening at the
section level (DCM B5.6.3.1) in the same manner as for full level cataloging.  Eliminate by
examining the resource and/or searching the LC ILS all of the following:

1. **Titles that are out of scope by subject or language:** forward to the appropriate section.
2. **Titles for which cataloging has already been done or started:** check the 955 tracking
field(s) carefully to be sure no one has started or completed any aspect of “post-IBC”
processing.
3. **Titles for which there is already a copy cataloging or pcc adapt record:** a resource
may have been mis-slipped in previous activity or copy may have been imported later for
another copy of the resource; determine also whether the copy in hand is the first copy or
a duplicate.
4. **Titles to be done as Minimum Level Cataloging** (Enc/lvl = 7).
5. **Duplicates:** search the resource in hand to insure that it is still a candidate for copy
cataloging and that no duplicate record exists.  Search by title and/or ISBN.
Pre-Searching Before Searching for Copy: IBC Record Exists for Copy in Hand; Search by Title
and/or ISBN
Search Results Action
Another record exists: LCCN is same as IBC Refer to ABA/POLICY to synchronize with
record for copy in hand CDS, track referral in 955 of record for copy in
hand
Another record exists: LCCN differs from IBC Usually a duplicate record that needs to be
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  1*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
010 $z of retained record; process copy in hand
according to selection decision in retained
record
Another record exists: lacks LCCN May be an “orphaned” record, possibly a copy
cataloging record imported separately from an
IBC record for title in hand; delete record that
lacks LCCN
6. **Similar records:** do title search (or other search judged appropriate) to determine if the
same title (or a very similar one) has been previously cataloged.  Assess whether the
resource in hand is an edition or is so similar to a previously cataloged resource that it is
preferable to use the MAKE A COPY feature to copy a record from an internal instead of
an external source.  If a record from an internal source is found, do the following:
a. check the call number of the previously cataloged resource and determine whether
it indicates that the resource in hand is out of scope for the section; if so, redistribute
the resource to the appropriate section according to section practice;
b. otherwise, decide whether to use the MAKE A COPY feature or to search for an
external record.
7. **Editions:** prefer the use of the MAKE A COPY feature to copy LC cataloging for an
earlier edition instead of searching for outside library copy for the edition in hand.
8. **Serials:** refer known or suspected serials to section serial colleagues according to section
practice and DCM M4.4.
9. **Added volumes:** route according to section procedures.
10. **CIP verification titles:** route according to section procedures.
11. **Referrals for language assistance:** re-route according to section procedures.
12. **Ephemera to be referred to a Selection Librarian:** refer according to section
procedures.
