Copy cataloging records can come to a cataloger from many sources and the placement of
certain fields may differ, depending on the source of the record and the technique used for
importing it.   (See B13.11 (Appendix 8) for information on unusual order of fields.)
Staff in Acquisitions and Bibliographic Access (ABA) divisions search for copy cataloging
records, primarily in the OCLC database.  Resources are usually slipped with a white "copycat
(906 $c = copycat)" slip (393 (1999/07)) according to section practice.  Records created by
libraries participating in the PCC (for more information see: DCM E1.5) bear many
characteristics of copy cataloging records but are slipped with a pink "pccadap (906 $c =
pccadap)" slip (1345 (1999/07)).
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  2*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
contract with RLIN's MARCADIA service (see DCM E1.4.2 and E1.5.5).  LC submitted copies
of IBC records to RLIN.  They were automatically searched against the RLIN database and any
matched records were returned to LC and replaced the existing counterpart LC IBC record.  (See
B13.11 (Appendix 8) for exceptional procedures used for handling these records.)
Various staff in a section may search for and import records using software called
Z-Processor (see DCM E2.3) especially designed for this purpose.  The programs execute
various data manipulations tailored to the cataloging stream under which a particular record is
being imported.
