For the interim period prior to the full implementation of RDA, some imported AACR2
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  1*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
compliance with community agreements.  After March 31, 2013, sections in ABA have the
discretion to decide whether "full or fuller level" AACR2 records should be converted to RDA or
left as AACR2.  In this context, a full or fuller level record may be identified by the encoding
level (Leader/17), sometimes in combination with the language of cataloging (040 $b).
Full or fuller encoding levels: #, 1, 2, 4, 8, I or L where the language of cataloging is English.
CAUTION:  The presence of fields 336 (Content type), 337 (Media type), and 338 (Carrier
type) in a bibliographic record does not in and of itself indicate RDA cataloging, since these
fields may be used with non-RDA cataloging, including "enhanced" AACR2 records.  When
these fields are present in a bibliographic record look for positive evidence of RDA cataloging
such as:
Ldr/18 (Descriptive cataloging form) = i (ISBD punctuation included) or c (ISBD
punctuation omitted)
040 contains $e = rda
If the value in Ldr/18 is neither "i" nor "c" and 040 contains $e = rda, rely on the evidence in
field 040.
Alternatively, look for evidence of non-RDA cataloging, such as:
Ldr/18 (Descriptive cataloging form) = a (AACR 2)
040 does not contain $e = rda
terms are abbreviated in places RDA would not abbreviate them, e.g.:
300 ## $a 296 **p.** $b **ill.** , **ports.** (some **col.** )
If fields such as 336/337/338 fields are found in imported AACR2 records, and your section
practice is to leave such records as AACR2, retain the 33X fields in the record.
