Change any LC subject headings or subdivisions in an imported record that clearly vary from
the established LC form, e.g.:
before 650 #0 $a Map-making $z Gulf of Mexico.
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  20*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
after: 650 #0 $a Cartography $z Mexico, Gulf of.
In case of doubt, or if there is any suspicion that the variant heading or subdivision may be a
different subject, refer according to section practice.
Change any error in the order of subject subdivisions, e.g.:
before 650 #0 $a Children $x Folklore $z England.
:
after: 650 #0 $a Children $z England $x Folklore.
Change any errors of indirect geographic subdivision, e.g.:
before 650 #0 $a Museums $z Toledo (Ohio)
:
after: 650 #0 $a Museums $z Ohio $z Toledo.
Change any errors of MARC content designation, e.g.:
befor 600 10 $a Dowling, $c Father (Fictitious character) $v Fiction.
e:
after: 650 #0 $a Dowling, Father (Fictitious character) $v Fiction.
**B13.3.4.26.653 Field (Index Term--Uncontrolled)**
Delete such fields if it is immediately obvious that any one is:

1. redundant to an LC subject heading(s) present in the record;
2. less specific than an LC subject heading(s) present in the record;
3. incorrect for the resource in hand, e.g. the assigned index term is Australia, but the
resource in hand is about Austria.
If this determination cannot be made quickly or there is doubt about any aspect, retain the 653
field as given.

**B13.3.4.27.700-730 Fields (Added Entries)**
