See B13.7 (Appendix 4).
**B13.3.4.23.4XX Fields (Series Statement)** (See also 8XX fields)
Ensure that all the following conditions have been met:

1. all the series statements (4XX) in the resource in hand are present in the record resulting
from copy cataloging; add series in field 490 0# as  necessary;
2. all the series statements (4XX) in the imported record are present in the resource in hand;
delete any statements not found in the resource in hand;
3. all the series statements (4XX) are transcribed accurately; correct any typos and add any
missing data elements.

**B13.3.4.24.5XX Fields (Notes)**
In general, accept differences in style.  Change notes only if they contain typographical
errors, are factually incorrect, or their meaning is not clear.  Add notes other than those described
below only when considered absolutely essential to fit specific situations, e.g. a thesis or
dissertation note, a copy-specific note related to LC’s copy.  Use the following guidelines:

1. **abbreviations vs. spelled out forms:** accept as long as the meaning is clear;
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  16*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
2. **bibliography and index notes:** do not change or combine to reflect current LC style, but
add as appropriate, formulating them according to current LC style and synchronizing
them with their related fixed fields;
3. **contents note (505 field):** for multipart monographs with separate titles: add, change, or
retain according to B13.7 (Appendix 4); for single-part resources: retain subfields $g, $r,
and $t;
4. **accompanying computer file disk, sound recording, or videorecording:** follow DCM

B18, B20, or B21 respectively;

5. **local note (590/591 field) or a copy-specific note in a 500 field:** follow DCM B17 if the
information is applicable to LC; delete the note if it is not; add if appropriate to LC’s
copy;
6. **reproduction note (533 field):** add as appropriate;
7. **restrictions on access note (506 field):** add in any case of restricted access to LC
materials;
8. **"With" note (501 field; subfield $5):**
if the “With” note applies to LC’s copy but not to those of other libraries, add a "With"
note (501 field; subfield $5) either according to the practice for general cataloging (LCRI
1.7B21) or the practice applied to rare books (DCRM (B) 7B18);
if the “With” note applies to another library’s copy but not to LC’s, ensure the note
contains an MCLO symbol for the other library in subfield $5 (Institution to which field
applies) (if the note comes as 500 instead of 501, leave as is); in the unlikely event the
“With” note applies to both another library’s copy and LC’s copy, add a separate “With”
note for the LC copy (this is necessary because subfield $5 is not repeatable) .

**B13.3.4.25.6XX Fields (Subject Added Entries)** (See also 653 field)
