**subdivision**
Do the following:

1. construct the search in *Classification Web* using the “Structured subject heading”
category so as to retrieve the authority record for the main subject heading without
subdivisions;
2. if the $a part is found, scroll down to determine whether the subdivision is established
with that heading;
3. if the main subject heading is established but any of the subdivisions are not established
with that heading, search for the subdivisions using the “Structured free-floating
subdivision” category; determine whether the instructions include the heading cited;
4. if the $a part is not found, or if the main subject heading is a name heading (other than a
family name) and not found in *Classification Web* , do a second search in the ILS for only
the name heading as described below in B13.8.2.3.3.
Examples:
Subject heading: 650 #0 $a Persian Gulf War, 1991 $x Causes
Structured subject persian gu
heading:
Results: Scrolling down reveals that Persian Gulf War, 1991  is valid,
but –Causes is not established under it
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  4*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
Structured
free-floating
subdivision:


| Results: | usable under wars |
| --- | --- |
| Conclusion: | heading is ok |
| Subject heading: | 650 #0 $a Hot air balloons $x Construction $v Juvenile literature |
| Structured | hot air b |

subject heading:
Results: Hot air balloons is valid
Search 2: Construction; valid but not under Hot air balloons
Structured
free-floating
subdivision:

| Conclusion: | Refer (or notice the reference to Design and construction) |
| --- | --- |
| Subject heading: | 651 #0 $a Jamaica $x History $y To 1962 |
| Structured subject | jamaica |

heading:
Results: Jamaica seems to be valid:  there is no authority record, but
there are established subdivisions, including –History–To 1962;
search in the ILS to verify Jamaica is established
Conclusion: Heading is ok
Subject heading: 610 20 $a United States Military Academy. $b Class
of 1991 $x History
Structured subject united states mil
heading:

| Results: | No hits on the $a part; search in the ILS |
| --- | --- |
| Results: | $a part is established; class of 1991 is not |
| Conclusion: | Refer. |

*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  5*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
Do the following:

1. construct the search so as to retrieve the authority record for the main subject heading
without subdivisions;
2. determine whether the authority record indicates that the heading may be subdivided
geographically;
3. then do a second search for the geographic name; if non- jurisdictional, continue
searching in *Classification Web* ; if jurisdictional, search the geographic name in the ILS;
4. follow the rules in H 830 regarding indirect subdivision;  established names of countries
and regions larger than a country may be used following $z; for places, jurisdictional or
non- jurisdictional, that are within a country or cross the boundaries, consult H 830 for
the rules.
Examples of information found in H 830:
650 #0 $a Art $z France $z Paris
*not*
650 #0 $a Art $z Paris (France)
650 #0 $a Geology $z Rocky Mountains
*not*
650 #0 $a Geology $z United States $z Rocky Mountains
Examples of searches:
Subject heading: 650 #0 $a Fishing $z Potomac River
Structured subject fishing
heading search 1:
Results: “Fishing” is established and divided by place
Structured subject potomac r
heading search 2:


| Results: | “Potomac River” is established |
| --- | --- |
| Conclusion: | Heading is ok |
| Subject heading: | 650 #0 $a Hiking $z Appalachian Trail |
| Structured | hiking |

subject heading
search 1:
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  6*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
Structured appalachian t
subject heading
search 2:

| Results: | “Appalachian Trail” is established |
| --- | --- |
| Conclusion: | Heading is ok |
| Subject heading: | 650 #0 $a Oil spills $z Persian Gulf |
| Structured subject | oil spill |

heading search 1:
Results: “Oil spills” is established and divided by place
Structured subject persian g
heading search 2:

| Results: | “Persian Gulf” is established |
| --- | --- |
| Conclusion: | Heading is ok |
| Subject heading: | 650 #0 $a Local elections $z Klagenfurt, Austria |
| Structured subject | local el |

heading search:

| Results: | “Local elections” is established |
| --- | --- |
| ILS search: | “Klagenfurt (Austria)” is established |
| Conclusion: | Restructure heading to: |

650 #0 $a Local elections $z Austria $z Klagenfurt per H 830
