*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  2*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
In general, when importing records select records that reflect values appropriate to the
resource being cataloged, particularly with respect to Type of record (Ldr/06) and Bibliographic
level (Ldr/07).  Note that in Type of record LC does not use value “o” (Kit).  For existing
imported IBC records, change values as needed to reflect regular LC practice:
Record status (Ldr/05) No action required (the values in
this position are managed by the
system)
Type of record (Ldr/06) Usually no action required unless
the value does not reflect the type
of material represented by the
record or the value is “o” (Kit); in
such a case, consult ABA/POLICY
Bibliographic level Usually no action required unless
(Ldr/07) the value does not reflect the
bibliographic level of the resource
being cataloged; in such a case,
consult ABA/POLICY
Type of control (Ldr/08) No action required
Encoding level (Ldr/17) Set to the value that reflects the
level of cataloging
Desc. cat form (Ldr/18) If other than value “a” (AACR 2),
change to “a” and make any needed
adjustments to reflect AACR2
**Note:** For records imported through MARCADIA, the encoding level is automatically set to “7”
except for PCC adapts (042 = pcc), which are set to “5” if full level or “4" if core level.
**B13.3.4.2.008 (Fixed Fields)**
Add/change values as needed to ensure that values related to the resource are assigned in the
008 field according to regular LC practice.  Further information on appropriate values can be
found in *MARC 21 Format for Bibliographic Data* and, for those related to subject cataloging, in
SCM D 145.  See B13.7 (Appendix 4) for dates in the 008 field for multipart monographs.
# = blank
**LC ILS Name of Data Action**
**Element**
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  3*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
**Element**

| Type of date (008/06) | Ensure code reflects type of date in field 260 |
| --- | --- |
| Date 1 (008/07-10) | Ensure date is correct and agrees with date in field 260 |
| Date 2 (008/11-14) | Ensure date is correct, if needed, and agrees with a 2nd date in |

field 260 or possibly field 500
Place of publication (008/15-17) Ensure code reflects place of publication of resource
Illustrations (008/18, 19, 20, 21) Codes (up to 4 may be given) must agree with data in field
300 $b or $a for plates

| Target audience (008/22) | If juvenile literature, ensure code is  “j” |
| --- | --- |
| Form of item (008/23) | # unless large print ( “d” ) or microform (code as appropriate) |
| Nature of contents (008/24, 25, | Ensure codes (up to 4 may be given) reflect nature of contents |
| 26, 27) | (bibliography, etc.) of resource |
| Government publication | If a government publication, ensure appropriate code |

(008/28)

| Conference publication (008/29) | If a conference publication, ensure code is “1” |
| --- | --- |
| Festschrift (008/30) | If a Festschrift, ensure code is “1" |
| Index (008/31) | If an index present, ensure code is “1" |
| Literary form (008/33) | If fiction, ensure code is “1” |
| Biography (008/34) | If biography, ensure appropriate code |
| Language (008/35-37) | Ensure code reflects language of resource |
| Modified record (008/38) | # unless “o” for a romanizing language (e.g., Bengali) |
| Cataloging source (008/39) | Copy cataloging: ensure “d” (if not natl. bib. agency) or “#” if |

natl bibl agency or an LC-issued enc/lvl 5 rec. (usually lcode)
upgraded externally
PCC adapt: “c” (if not natl. bib. agency) or “#” if natl. bib.
agency
**B13.3.4.3.906 Field (Local Processing Data)**
The following table states the values/codes for local processing data for the copy cataloging
and PCC adapt workflows.  The values/codes are used in the same manner as for LC original
cataloging but with some codes specific to a particular workflow.  For further information, see
DCM C16.10.
906 Field
**Cataloging**
**Subfield IBC Stage Completed Stage**
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  4*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
Distribution controller ($a) 0 7
Record completion state ibc cbc
($b)
Processing workflow ($c) copycat copycat
Copy
Priority ($d) Priority number (1-3) Priority number (1-3)
Cataloging
CIP/PCN flag ($e) ncip ncip

| Century flag ($f) (LCCN | 19 if before 2000 | 19 if before 2000 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| year) | 20 if 2000- | 20 if 2000- |
| Stakeholder code ($g) | y-gencatlg | y-gencatlg |

Distribution controller ($a) 0 7
Record completion state ibc cbc
($b)
Processing workflow ($c) pccunad pccadap
PCC Adapt Priority ($d) Priority number (1-3) Priority number (1-3)
CIP/PCN flag ($e) ncip ncip

| Century flag ($f) (LCCN | 19 if before 2000 | 19 if before 2000 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| year) | 20 if 2000- | 20 if 2000- |
| Stakeholder code ($g) | y-gencatlg | y-gencatlg |

**B13.3.4.4.010 Field (Library of Congress Control Number)**
If a resource has an LCCN (either preassigned or supplied by other means), that number
should normally be retained.  If there is no LCCN in the resource or in an IBC record for it, affix
to the verso of the t.p. (or its substitute) a barcode label with a new LCCN for the current year
and wand or type this number into the 010 field of the copy cataloging record. If the LCCN is
typed into the record, run the Validator program to ensure the correct format.
**B13.3.4.5.020 Field (International Standard Book Number)**
Apply the following to ISBNs:

1. ensure that any ISBNs present in the record are transcribed accurately;
2. add as the first ISBN an ISBN for the resource in hand if it appears on the resource but is
not already in the record;
3. in cases of multiple ISBNs, ensure that the ISBN given first is for the manifestation
represented by the record;
4. do not add or delete other ISBNs that may be present on the resource but which reflect
other bindings, formats, etc.;
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  5*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
them as given; for ISBN 13/ISBN 10 pairs, follow the *practice* stated in LCRI 1.8;
*LC*
6. accept price as given; do not add, do not delete.

**B13.3.4.6.035 Field (System Control Number)**
Each copy cataloging record contains an 035 field consisting of an MCLO symbol
identifying the organization from which the record was imported and that system's control
number.  Examples:
035 ## $a (OCoLC)ocm30449771
035 ## $a (CStRLIN)CLAG94-B16699
Multiple occurrences of the field with different system control numbers may be present.  Accept
them as given; their order does not matter.
**B13.3.4.7.040 Field (Cataloging Source)**
