The following tables show first, the complement of data elements that identify LC copy
cataloging records, and second, a summary and comparison of the data elements applicable to
copy cataloging records and PCC records.  See the respective tag numbers in B13.3.4 for
complete information about the values appropriate to each field.
**Complement of Data Elements that Identify LC Copy Cataloging Records**
# = “blank”     MCLO = *MARC Code List for Organizations* Symbol (formerly NUC symbol)
**Tag Data Element Name Copy Cataloging Values**
008/39 Cataloging source d = (Other) if not from a national bibliographic
agency
# = (National bibliographic agency) or an
LC-issued enc/lvl 5
record (in-process; often lcode) upgraded
by an external
agency
c =  (Cooperative cataloging program)
# =  (National bibliographic agency) for PCC
adapt
906 $c Local processing workflow copycat (042 = lccopycat; 008/39 = d or #)
pccadap (042 = pcc; 008/39 = c or #)
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  3*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
035 System control number Control number of the system from which the
imported record originated; consists of MCLO
symbol of the agency in parentheses followed
without spacing by the control number itself
040 Cataloging source $a subfield: MCLO/OCLC symbol of the
original cataloging agency
$c subfield: MCLO/OCLC symbol of the
transcribing (inputting) agency
$d subfields (multiple possible): MCLO/OCLC
symbol of each
agency, including LC (DLC; DLC-R
(LC staff that worked in
RLIN)), that modifies the record
subsequent to initial input
042 Authentication code lccopycat if 906 $c = copycat and 008/39 = d
or #
pcc if 906 $c = pccadap and 008/39 = c or #
**Summary and Comparison of Data Elements Applicable to Copy Cataloging and PCC**
**Records**
# = “blank”     MCLO = *MARC Code List for Organizations* Symbol (formerly NUC symbol)
**Tag Data Element Name Copy Cataloging PCC Adapts**
008/39 Cataloging source d if not from natl. bib. c or # if from national
agency           bibliographic agency
# if from natl. bibl. agency
or
record is an
LC-issued
enc/lvl 5 (
“in-process”record;
often lcode)
upgraded  by an
external  agency
906 $c Local processing workflow copycat pccadap
035 System control number Control number of the system from which the imported
record originated; consists of MCLO symbol of the
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  4*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
control number itself
040 Cataloging source $a subfield: MCLO/OCLC symbol of the original
cataloging agency
$c subfield: MCLO/OCLC symbol of the transcribing
(inputting) agency
$d subfields (multiple possible): MCLO/OCLC symbol
of each agency,
including LC (DLC; DLC-R) that modifies the
record
subsequent to initial input
042 Authentication code lccopycat pcc
