Copy cataloging exemplifies most of the characteristics of LC original cataloging.  LC copy
cataloging records contain the usual prescribed content and, in general, the same level of main
and added entries as original cataloging done by LC.  The records reflect AACR2, RDA, and
ISBD punctuation.  Records contain both an LC call number and at least one LC subject heading
in those cases for which LC cataloging policy calls for subject headings.  The records are fully
content designated and in general follow the content requirements specified in *MARC 21 Format*
*for Bibliographic Data* for full-level machine-readable bibliographic records that are contributed
to a national database.
Because copy cataloging relies on cataloging done by other libraries, there may be significant
differences from LC original cataloging:

1. records may contain elements that LC does not employ;
2. records may not necessarily reflect LC practice in all aspects;
3. there is no attempt to ensure that the records adhere to all the conventions of original
cataloging as stated in the relevant documentation.
LC copy cataloging focuses on accepting the cataloging of other libraries as much as
possible, limiting changes to those judged "egregious."  (Egregious in this context means data
that are inaccurate, misleading, or that result in denial of access.)  Limit changes to those relating
to accuracy, substance, or retrievability.  In judging whether data are "egregiously misleading,"
consider them in the light of whether
1. they result in seriously misleading description (e.g., someone might regard the resource
to be a different one were a change not made);
2. they might result in seriously misleading access (e.g., the resource is classified under a
number for an artist's painting when in fact the work is really about the artist's sculpture,
or, the heading selected for the main entry is a different person with the same name).
Do not strain for "uniformity of product" and do not make changes only for matters of style.
When LC practice has varied over time, accept what is present in the imported record unless
otherwise instructed in the CCM.  In matters of the application of cataloger judgment, generally
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  1*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
