If a 1XX field is present, ensure that the first indicator position of field 245 is set to "1"
(Added entry).
**B13.3.4.19.246 field (Varying Form Of Title)**
The implementation in February 1995 of changes related to format integration introduced a
major change in the mechanism used for providing  title added entries for varying forms of titles
in machine-readable bibliographic records for monographs.  Whereas previously all title added
entries for varying forms of title had been recorded in a 740 field (with statements about such
titles recorded in 500 note fields), the 246 field now carries most varying forms of title (see
LCRI 21.30J for details).
Accept either 246 or 740 fields.  (For 740 fields, see under that field.)
In general, accept any 246 field given, whether "justified" in the record or not, except for any
field that may be egregiously misleading.  Accept the order in which the fields are given.  Ensure
that the indicator values used are appropriate to the situation.
Ensure that the complement given provides basic access, namely, for alternative titles,
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  13*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
Change/add data as follows:

1. add a 246 field when required for basic access; in adding such a field, follow LC
practice;
2. in general, retain a 246 field even though LC would not normally provide it;

**exceptionally** , when a record exemplifies a much deeper level of access, e.g., some
records from specialist libraries that contain large numbers of 246 fields, often with
indicators set to “33," retain, according to section/division practice, only the complement
of 246 fields that LC would supply; if the source record is from OCLC, use the EL7
lccopycat technique;

3. retain any 246 fields that are counterparts to “extra” parallel titles, but do not add “extra”
246s for them;
4. delete any initial article and change the non-filing indicator to “0.”

**B13.3.4.20.250 Field (Edition Statement)**
Determine whether an edition statement is appropriate according to AACR2 and the LCRIs.
If so and one is present, retain it; if one is not present, add it.  Generally accept stylistic
differences except as follows:

1. **punctuation:** correct ISBD and end-of-field punctuation as needed; accept other internal
punctuation as given;
2. **spacing:** correct spacing associated with ISBD punctuation; accept other internal spacing
as given;
3. **abbreviations:** do not change abbreviations or change for fullness of a word.

**B13.3.4.21.260 Field (Publication, Distribution, Etc. (Imprint))**
To the extent possible, accept what is present, but ensure that data constituting the substance
of the publication, distribution, etc., area match the resource.  Be less concerned with the style in
which they are presented.  Generally accept stylistic differences except as follows:

1. **punctuation:** correct ISBD and end-of-field punctuation as needed; accept other internal
punctuation as given;
2. **spacing:** correct spacing associated with ISBD punctuation; accept other internal spacing
as given;
3. **abbreviations:** do not change abbreviations or change for fullness of a word.
