An LCC-based number may be found in an 090, 097, 050, or 950 field, depending on when
the copy cataloging record was created and the process used to import it.  (Since it is most
frequently in the 097 field, that number is used in this discussion.)  The number may be a full
call number or only a classification number ($a subfield).  Unless one of the special conditions in
B13.3.4.11.4 below applies, retain the LCC-based number.
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  8*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
tag to 050.  Change the first indicator value to “0” if the resource is to be retained in LC or to “1”
if the resource is not to be added to the collections.  Change the second indicator to value “0” if
not already set to that value.  Add a “+” after the number to indicate that the resource is still in
process (cf. BWTD 18 III.F).  Example:
before:
097 14 $a QA297 $b .B37 1993
after:
050 00 $a QA297 $b .B37 1993 +
Staff who have not been trained to do shelflisting do not adjust the Cutter numbers, add any
that are missing, add/change a date, etc.  This will be done as part of the shelflisting aspect.
**EXCEPTION:** Where double Cutter numbers are used (e.g., for an artist), correct the Cutter
number if it is clearly not the one that LC uses (or provide it according to section practice).
If an 097 field is present but a different classification number is used, convert the 097 to an
050 field with the proper classification number according to the instructions above.  A 950 field
MUST be converted to an 097 or 050 field or deleted; otherwise the record cannot be saved.
