To the extent possible, accept the complement given, whether "justified" elsewhere in the
record or not, except for any field that may be egregiously misleading.  Accept the order in
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  21*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
(in adding added entries, follow LC practice):
**1) Persons**
**Joint If the main entry is under the heading for one of two or three**
**authors: collaborating persons, there should be added entries under the**
**headings for the others (AACR2 21.30B1).**
**Editors: There should be an added entry under the heading for a**
**prominently named editor (AACR2 21.30D1).**
**2) Corporate bodies**
There should be an added entry under the heading for a prominently named corporate body,
unless it functions only as publisher or as issuing body of the series.  Note that *LC practice* prior
to December 2001, was to make added entries for conferences, expeditions, or events, under
certain circumstances, depending upon where the name appeared.  Effective December 2001 the
practice for a work covered by Category “d)” of 21.1B2 is to enter under the heading for the
name of a conference, expedition, or event if the name appears anywhere in the resource being
cataloged (see LCRI 21.30E).
**3) Related works**
There should be an added entry under the heading for a work to which the resource being
cataloged is closely related (AACR2 21.30G1) when cataloging adaptations (AACR2 21.10A),
revisions (AACR2 21.12), or supplements or screenplays (AACR2 21.28A).
**4) Analytical added entries (AACR2 21.30M)**
There should be an analytical added entry under the heading for a work contained within the
resource being cataloged when cataloging commentaries with text (AACR2 21.13) or collections
covered by AACR2 21.7B, 21.7C, and 25.7.
