If a search determines that there is no authority record, the form of the name must be
formulated according to AACR2.  Staff authorized to do authority work may judge whether to
proceed to do so, using the automatic authority record generation feature of the ILS.  If, for
whatever reason, staff do not do the authority work,  they may proceed without doing so
**provided the encoding level is changed to 7.** It is the change in encoding level that will alert
any subsequent observer of the record that the name/series headings may not be represented by
authority records.  With the change of encoding level to 7, the following MLC guidelines for
authority record creation apply, including the exceptional need for authority work under certain
conditions, e.g., to break a conflict:

1. when a conflict cannot be resolved by adding to the heading in hand, change the existing
heading and do appropriate authority work for it;
2. when a conflict cannot be resolved, create or add to a non- unique NAR;
3. when a heading used differs so significantly from the form on the item in hand as to be
unfindable without a cross reference, do whatever authority work is required to trace the
reference;
4. create authority records for uniform titles in the same manner as for full cataloging,
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                      Page  3*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.

**Special note regarding treatment of series/multipart item:** Follow the pertinent guidelines
in B13.3.4.23 (4XX Fields (Series Statement)) and B13.3.4.29 (8XX Fields (Series Added
Entries)).  These guidelines are based on the exceptional policy stated in DCM M5.1.2.2,
namely, although LC series policy since June 1, 2006 is not to provide controlled access points
for series in LC original cataloging, accept the series fields as given in records used for copy
cataloging.  Do not, however, search such series to determine if they are represented by an SAR.
