In general, accept the complement of subject headings as given.  Assessing  the subject
headings in the imported record is essentially one of answering the questions that follow.  If the
answer to any of the questions is “no” or there is any doubt about the correctness of a subject
heading, refer to or consult with, as needed, a person knowledgeable in the subject aspect within
the section/division according to section practice.

1. Does the imported record have at least one LC subject heading in cases in which LC
subject cataloging policy calls for them?
2. Is the subject heading appropriate to the work (or at least not grossly inappropriate)?
A subject heading may be completely incorrect, e.g.:
title is *Australian art*
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  17*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
A subject heading may be too broad or too general, e.g.:
title is *Pueblo architecture of Chaco Canyon, New Mexico*
subject heading is "Housing."
title is *Agricultural research in Oregon, 1850-1929*
subject heading  is "Agriculture."
The degree to which appropriateness of subject headings can be evaluated will vary according to
the circumstances in each section, the experience of the staff doing copy cataloging, and the time
available for consultation with staff with subject expertise.
3. Is the subject heading and its components covered by an authority record or a
free-floating subdivision?
4. Is the subject heading constructed following LC rules and procedures according to the
guidelines given below?
