For detailed instructions on searching subject headings, see B13.8 (Appendix 5).  Apply the
search and validation procedures only to those subject headings with a second indicator value of
"0" (Library of Congress subject headings).  Do not search/validate subject headings with 6XX
second indicator values “1-7.”
In searching subject headings, distinguish between a "main subject heading" and any "subject
subdivisions."  The "main subject heading" is the principal element of the subject string; it is that
part of the string to which subject subdivisions may be appended.  For topical subject headings,
the main subject heading is a single $a subfield, e.g.:
650 #0 $a Camping $z Oregon $v Guidebooks.
*(“Camping” is the main subject heading.)*
For other subject headings, the main subject heading may be a single $a subfield or a
combination of an $a subfield and other subfields other than $v, $x, $y, and $z, e.g.:
600 10 $a Shakespeare, William, $d 1564-1619. $t Hamlet $v Indexes.
*(“Shakespeare, William, 1564-1619. Hamlet” is the main subject heading.)*
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  19*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.
- form subdivision ($v subfield)
- general subdivision ($x subfield)
- chronological subdivision ($y subfield)
- geographic subdivision ($z subfield).
Determining the validity of each subject heading involves several separate actions.

1. **Main subject heading.** Search to determine that each main subject heading matches an
established name or subject authority record.  (See B13.8 (Appendix 5) for guidelines on
searching subject headings.)
2. **General ($x subfield), form ($v subfield), or chronological ($y subfield) subdivision.**
Search to determine that each general, form, or chronological subdivision either:
a. matches an established subdivision authority record, i.e., there must be a separate
authority record for the main subject heading in combination with the particular
subdivision; or
b. is a free-floating subdivision that is correctly applied to the heading at hand as
prescribed in the *Subject Headings Manual* (SHM).  Consult *Free-Floating*
*Subdivisions* to locate the pertinent instruction in the SHM for each free-floating
subdivision.
3. **Geographic subdivision ($z subfield).**
a. Verify that any name used as a geographic subdivision ($z subfield) is established
as a geographic heading.
b. Ensure that for each geographic subdivision: 1) there is an indication in either a
subject authority record or with a free-floating subdivision that the heading may be
subdivided geographically; and 2) any indirect geographic subdivision is constructed
as directed in SHM H 830.
4. **Order of subdivisions.** Ensure that any combination of subject subdivisions is in the
correct order.  That order must either a) agree with the order of subdivisions in a subject
authority record or b) be in the order prescribed in the SHM.
