Make the following changes:

1. in 700-730 fields, second indicator position (Type of added entry) change the obsolete
values 0 (Alternative entry) and 1 (Secondary entry) to blank (No information provided);
2. in 700-730 fields, second indicator position (Type of added entry), value 2 (Analytical
entry), subfield $f (Date of a work), delete dates of a work from analytical added entries
except when occurring in added entries for the Bible, for "Works," and for "Selections"
(cf. LCRI 21.30M).

**B13.3.4.28.740 field (Added Entries For Variant Titles (Old) And Uncontrolled Analytical**
**Title Added Entries (New))**
The implementation in February 1995 of changes related to format integration introduced a
major change in the mechanism used for providing title added entries for varying forms of titles
in machine-readable bibliographic records for monographs.  Whereas previously all title added
entries for varying forms of title had been recorded in a 740 field then defined as “Added
entry--variant title” (with statements about such titles recorded in 500 note fields), the 246 field
now carries most varying forms of title (see LCRI 21.30J for details).  Field 740 is now limited
*MARC 21 Format for Authority Data                                                                                    Page  23*
Copyright ©2011 by the Library of Congress except within the USA. Copyright ©2011 Fast Search &
Transfer, Inc. All rights reserved.

a. uncontrolled analytical added entries for titles of independent works contained within the
resource;
b. uncontrolled added entries for titles of related works external to the resource.
Accept either 740 or 246 fields.  (For 246 fields, see under that field (B13.3.4.19).)  Since
new title access fields added at LC will be given in 246 fields, a mixed practice within a single
record may result.
Accept any 740 fields given, whether "justified" in the record or not, except for any field that
may be egregiously misleading.  Accept the order in which the fields are given.  If a 740 is an
analytical added entry, ensure the value in indicator position two is “2.”  If additional titles are
needed to provide basic access (cf.  B13.3.4.27.1 above), add them as 246 fields.
For resources without a collective title, there should be the title added entries specified by
LCRI 21.30J.
