Supply the following bibliographic data elements, which are designated by their
content designation:
# 050 in the same manner as for full level cataloging
100-130 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
# 240 in the same manner as for full level cataloging; create authority records
same basis as for full level cataloging
245 use all subfields as applicable; in cases of multiple parallel titles,
MINIMALLY include the first parallel title and any English parallel
title
250 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
254 in the same manner as for full level cataloging
260 subfields $a, $b, $c
300 in the same manner as for full level cataloging
440-490 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging (cf.
DCM M5 ( *Library of Congress Series Policy* ))
028 subfields $a, $b (publisher/plate no. for music) if present on item
500 form of composition and medium of performance if not stated or
implied elsewhere in the record (including subject headings); a note on
original medium may be made if applicable to the entire item
# 500 in support of completeness (e.g., loose material inserted)
546 language of sung text if not implied from 240 or 245
500 source of title proper as applicable
502 for unpublished theses
# 504 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
505 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
500 publisher/plate numbers for music (Make only when an intelligible note
in accord with AACR2 cannot be generated from the 028 field.)
533 as applicable and in the same manner as for current cataloging of
microforms
024 2 ISMN, if present on item
020 subfields $a, $z as applicable in the same manner as for full level
cataloging
6XX See also SCM D 440. If appropriate, assign at least one or two
headings from the SUBJECTS file and/or the NAMES file to represent
the primary subject and/or form of the work at the appropriate level of
specificity. Assign headings to provide access to the essential subject
focus of the work. This focus should generally correspond to the
meaning of the assigned class number.
For the headings that are assigned, follow the conventions applied
to full level cataloging.
Assign headings at the level of specificity appropriate to the work
(cf. SCM 180 sec. 4). Establish new headings for discrete topics
and named entities as they are needed.
700-740/246 Using judgment and assessing each item on a case by case basis, assign
primary relationships associated with a work (e.g., arranger,
editor, librettist);

2. an analytical added entry for the second work when a
publication containing two works is entered under the first;
3. analytical added entries for classical music may be made as
in full cataloging; use judgment making additional analytical
added entries when controlled access is important;
4. added entries to bring out title access information judged to be
important.
NOTE: For both 1 and 4 above, determination of primary
relationships and of the relative importance of title access
information are intended to reflect individual cataloger's judgment
or LC's Production Level Cataloging (PLC) guidelines.
Note that the core standard does not require that added entries be justified.
800-830 as applicable in the same manner as for full level
cataloging
040  $a DLC $c DLC [cataloging is LC original cataloging]
$a CAL $c TRL $d DLC [cataloging is based on an ExSR]
041 subfields $a (for multilingual works) and $h (for translations) if
readily available

# 043 assign if readily ascertainable, following the instructions in SCM D
155
