The level of LC cataloging is initially determined by a combination of priority and the level
of cataloging reflected in the CIP/Initial Bibliographic Control (IBC) record, although, as
described below, cataloging teams have some discretion in determining cataloging levels. DCM
B16.1.2.2.2-1.2.2.3 below describe cataloging levels as they relate to internal and external IBC.
DCM B16.3.1 (Appendix 1) summarizes priorities/cataloging levels in table form. DCM
B16.3.2 (Appendix 1) summarizes in table form the identifying characteristics of the categories
of LC original cataloging records and the categories based on the use of already existing records
from various sources.
The CMT judges that for items in priorities 1 and 2 represented by LC CIP cataloging
(including NLM), LC IBC, or LC resource stream IBC (RES IBC), LC core level (cf. DCM
B16.1.2.3) is acceptable (except for items receiving assignment reflecting custody in a particular
reference collection (cf. CSM G 630)) at the discretion of the cataloging teams. In essence, LC
core level cataloging becomes the base mode of cataloging, with teams having the discretion to
use cataloging levels to more nearly keep current (as many items go out as come in). This
discretion can be exercised as follows. For materials in priority 1-3, the cataloging is "at least
LC core level" (the term "at least" in this context means that a team always has the discretion to
do the cataloging at a level higher than the one stated if the team can do so and meet its
commitment to arrearage reduction). In exercising this discretion, it is assumed that decisions to
choose a higher level will be based on the merit of the material being cataloged or on the
prevailing interests of any particular user group or constituency that a team works with.
