The concept of a core level cataloging record stems from the Cooperative Cataloging
Council's (now Program for Cooperative Cataloging (PCC)) Task Group 4: Standards. Its final
report of October 29, 1993, included among its recommendations a core record for books. It
further recommended that "... if the concept of a core record is judged viable, similar standards
should be developed for the monographic forms of non-book materials ..." Such records have
now been developed for books, graphic materials, moving image materials, music and non-music
sound recordings, printed music and music manuscripts. A core record has also been developed
for nonroman script materials, which at LC is applicable to JACKPHY materials (Japanese,
Arabic, Chinese, Korean, Persian, Hebrew, Yiddish), and for serials. Standards for computer
files and for rare books are pending approval at the time of this writing. DCM B16 applies to
books (roman catalog records; nonroman script catalog records), printed and manuscript music,
and music and non-music sound recordings. Information about approved and pending core
standards may be found at: http://www.loc.gov/aba/pcc/bibco/index.html.
The idea behind the core record is to state a level of cataloging that will increase the pool of
catalog records available for common use. Core level attempts to do this as follows:

1. through a complement of data elements judged sufficient to provide an acceptable level
of access to materials and at the same time at a level that will attract the participation of
additional agencies willing to provide cataloging at that level, thus increasing the pool of
records that can be shared;
2. through a complement of data elements done to a predictable standard in support of use
of such a record with a minimum of intervention at any particular site.
Core level cataloging contains a complement of data elements less than that for full level
cataloging but more than that for minimal level cataloging. For books, core level cataloging
essentially calls for fewer notes, fewer subject headings, and fewer added entries.
The emphasis is on cataloger's judgment, with the flexibility to add additional elements in
particular cases.
When it was developed, core level was seen as a dynamic level of cataloging, i.e., one in
which particular records could be upgraded to full to meet a particular library's requirements.
Core level cataloging exemplifies the traditional conventions of bibliographic control as stated
for full level, with the exceptions noted in this DCM. All access points are in authorized forms
and supported by authority work. For additional information, cf. *Introduction to the Program*
