Supply the following bibliographic data elements, which are designated by their content
designation. Data elements not explicitly called for in the standard but that are added to an
LC core level record are indicated by #:
# 050 in the same manner as for full level cataloging, including assigning alternate
class numbers for analytics in collected sets and bibliographies classed known or readily
available
100-130 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
# 240 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging; create
245 in the same manner as for full level cataloging
246 see under 700-740

| 250 | as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging |
| --- | --- |
| 260 | in the same manner as for full level cataloging |
| 300 | in the same manner as for full level cataloging |
| 440-490 | as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging |

# 5XX include only those that support the identification/completeness (e.g.,
loose material inserted) of an item; a note whose sole purpose is to
justify an entry is not grounds for inclusion
500 for source of title if not from title page
502 for unpublished theses
# 504 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
505 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
533 as applicable and in the same manner as for current cataloging of
microforms
020 subfields $a, $z as applicable in the same manner as for full level
cataloging
6XX See also SCM D 440. If appropriate, assign at least one or two
headings from the SUBJECTS file and/or the NAMES file to represent
the primary subject and/or form of the work at the appropriate level of
specificity. Assign headings to provide access to the essential subject
focus of the work. This focus should generally correspond to the
meaning of the assigned class number.
means that secondary or tertiary subjects will normally not be
represented in the assigned subject headings of a core level record,
even if they constitute at least 20% an item (cf. SHM H 180 sec. 1).
Multiple headings may be needed to represent a compound or a multi-
element topic for which a single heading neither exists nor can
practically be constructed or established (cf. SHM H 180 sec. 10).
Multiple headings may also be needed in situations where reciprocal
headings are used, for example, **[place 1]-Foreign relations-[place 2]**
and **[place 2]-Foreign relations-[place 1]** , or where a standard array
of headings is prescribed, for example, on biographies (cf. H 1330).
For the headings that are assigned, follow the conventions applied to
full level cataloging. For example, where appropriate, subdivide main
headings topical, geographic, chronological, and/or form subdivisions
to bring out those aspects of the primary subject (cf. SCM H 180 sec.
16).
Assign headings at the level of specificity appropriate to the work
(cf. 180 sec. 4). Establish new headings for discrete topics and
named entities as they are needed.
700-740/246 Assign a complement that covers at least the primary relationships
associated with a work, i.e., those relationships most likely to be
thought of by users as an obvious means of access to a work. Use
the following guidelines for relationships that may be less obvious:

1. **Corporate bodies.** Assign added entries for corporate
bodies that bear significant responsibility for the work (observing
the limits stated in A 21.30).
2. **Related works.** Assign added entries for a work to which the
work being cataloged is closely related (AACR2 21.30G), e.g.,
when cataloging adaptations (AACR2 21.10), revisions (AACR2
21.12), supplements (AACR2 21.28A1), or screenplays (AACR2
21.28A1).
3. **Titles (AACR 21.30J).** Assign an added entry for the title
proper (245-derived) of every item not entered under title. Assign
added entries for alternative titles, parallel titles, titles on added
title pages, and cover titles (246-derived). When using the 246
field, assign indicator values in the manner as for full level
cataloging. For items without a collective title, assign the added
4. **Analytical added entries (AACR2 21.30M).** Assign an
analytical added entry under the heading for a work contained
within an item being cataloged e.g., when cataloging
commentaries with text (AACR2 21.13) or collections covered
by AACR2 21.7B, 21.7C, and 25.7.
Note that the core standard does not require that added entries be
justifified.
800-830 as applicable in the same manner as for full level cataloging

# 082 as applicable in the same manner as for full level cataloging
040 $a DLC $c DLC [cataloging is LC original cataloging]
$a CAL $c TRL $d DLC [cataloging is based on an ExSR]
# 041
subfields $a (for multilingual works) and $h (for translations) if
readily available
042
pcc
# 043
assign if readily ascertainable, following the instructions in SCM D
15
