Supply the following bibliographic data elements, which are designated by their
content designation:
050 shelf number only plus custodial designation
100-130 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
#  240 in the same manner as for full level cataloging; create authority records
on the same basis as for full level cataloging
245 use all subfields as applicable; in cases of multiple parallel titles,
MINIMALLY include the first title and any English parallel title
250 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
260 subfield $a (place of publication) if readily available; otherwise use
"[S.l.]
260 subfields $b, $c
300 in the same manner as for full level cataloging
440-490 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
028 subfields $a (issue number (or matrix number)) and $b (label name)
500 label name and issue (or matrix) number); make only when an
intelligible note in accord with AACR2 cannot be generated from the 028 field
500 form of composition and medium of performance if not stated or implied
elsewhere in the record (including subject headings); a note on original
medium may be made if applicable to the entire recording
# 500 in support of completeness (e.g., loose material inserted)
546 language of sung text if not implied from 240 or 245
500 source of title proper as applicable
511 participants/performers
518 date and place of recording; (use sparingly and restrict to instances where
the place and/or date of performance are judged to be crucial for description
or access, e.g., jazz, organ recordings, original radio broadcasts, interviews,
etc.)
500 compact disc note as applicable and in the same manner as for full level
cataloging
500 accompanying material note (give if material is extensive or significant; tag
300 subfield $e may be used in lieu of this note at the cataloger's discretion)
* 520 summary note; (add only if necessary when content of the item is unclear
from the rest of the record)
# 504 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
505 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
533 as applicable
# 024 0 ISRC, if present on item
020 subfields $a, $z as applicable in the same manner as for full level cataloging
600-651 for music recordings: assign from LCSH one to three subject headings at the
appropriate level of specificity; a recording of three major classical works, for
example, may receive up to three headings; if more than three works are involved,
assign 1-3 broader headings as necessary if no essential information will be lost;
* 6XX See also SCM D 440.  If appropriate, assign at least one or two headings from the
SUBJECTS file and/or the NAMES file to represent the primary subject and/or
form of the work at the appropriate level of specificity.  Assign headings to provide
access to the essential subject focus of the work.  This focus should generally
correspond to the meaning of the assigned class number.
Concentrating on the primary or essential subject focus of a work means that
secondary or tertiary subjects will normally not be represented in the assigned
subject headings of a core level record, even if they constitute at least 20% of an
item (cf. SCM H 180 sec. 1).  Multiple headings may be needed to represent a
compound or a multi-element topic for which a single heading neither exists nor
can practically be constructed or established (cf. SCM H 180 sec. 10).  Multiple
headings may also be needed in situations where reciprocal headings are used, for
example, **[place 1]-Foreign relations-[place 2** and **[place 2]-Foreign relations-**
**[place 1]** , or where a standard array of headings is prescribed, for example, on
biographies (cf. H1330).
For the headings that are assigned, follow the conventions applied to full level
cataloging.  For example, where appropriate, subdivide main headings by topical,
geographic, chronological, or form subdivisions to bring out those aspects of the
primary subject (cf. SCM H 180 sec. 16).
Assign headings at the level of specificity appropriate to the work (cf. SCM H 180
sec. 4).  Establish new headings for discrete topics and named entities as they are
needed.
700-740/246 Using judgment and assessing each item on a case by case basis, assign:

1. added entries for principal participants/performers;
2. an analytical added entry for the 2nd work when a recording
containing two works is entered under the first;
3. analytical added entries for classical music may be made as in full
level cataloging; otherwise, use judgment in making additional
analytical added entries;
4. title added entries only to bring out additional title access judged to
be of exceptional importance.
Note that the core standard does not require that added entries be justified.
800-830 as applicable in the same manner as for full level cataloging
040 $a DLC $c DLC [cataloging is LC original cataloging]
$a CAL $c TRL $d DLC [cataloging is based on an ExSR]
041 subfields $d (for multilingual works) and $h (for translations) if readily available

# 043 assign if readily ascertainable, following the instructions in SCM D 155
