Supply the following bibliographic data elements, which are designated by their content
designation. Data elements not explicitly called for in the standard but that are added to an
LC core level record are indicated by #:
# 050 in the same manner as for full level cataloging, including assigning
alternate class numbers for analytics in collected sets and
bibliographies classed in Z if known or readily available
100-130 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging,
excluding a paired nonroman script field except in cases of
problematic romanization or in cases in which such a field supports
ready identification of a person or entity.
# 240 as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging; create
authority records on the same basis as for full level cataloging
245
in the same manner as for full level cataloging, including a paired
nonroman script field for subfields $a, $n, $p, $b, $c; if the 245 field
contains subfield $h, replicate that subfield in the paired field, i.e.,
give it in English
246
see under 700-740
250
as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging,
including a paired nonroman script field for subfields $a, $b
260
in the same manner as for full level cataloging, including a paired
nonroman script field for subfields $a, $b, $c
300
in the same manner as for full level cataloging
440-490
as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging,
including a paired nonroman script field
# 5XX
include only those that support the identification/completeness (e.g.,
loose material inserted) of an item; a note whose sole purpose is to
500
for source of title if not from title page
502
for unpublished theses
# 504
as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
505
as applicable and in the same manner as for full level cataloging
533
as applicable and in the same manner as for current cataloging of
microforms
020
subfields $a, $z as applicable in the same manner as for full level
cataloging
6XX
See also SCM D 440. If appropriate, assign at least one or two
headings from the SUBJECTS file and/or the NAMES file to represent
the primary subject and/or form of the work at the appropriate level of
specificity. Assign headings to provide access to the essential subject
focus of the work. This focus should generally correspond to the
meaning of the assigned class number.
Concentrating on the primary or essential subject focus of a work
means that secondary or tertiary subjects will normally not be
represented in the assigned subject headings of a core level record,
even if they constitute at least 20% of an item (cf. SHM H 180 sec. 1).
Multiple headings may be needed to represent a compound or a multi-
element topic for which a single heading neither exists nor can
practically be constructed or established (cf. SHM H 180 sec. 10).
Multiple headings may also be needed in situations where reciprocal
headings are used, for example, **[place 1]-Foreign relations-[place 2]**
and **[place 2]-Foreign relations-[place 1]** , or where a standard array
of headings is prescribed, for example, on biographies (cf. H 1330)
For the headings that are assigned, follow the conventions applied
to full level cataloging. For example, where appropriate, subdivide
main headings by topical, geographic, chronological, and/or form
subdivisions to bring o aspects of the primary subject (cf. SHM H
180 sec. 16).
topics and named entities as they are needed. Do not assign a
paired nonroman script field for 600, 611, 630, 651 except in
cases of problematic romanization or in cases in which such a
field supports ready identification of a person or entity.
700-740/246 Assign a complement that covers at least the primary relationships
associated with a work, i.e., those relationships most likely to be
thought of by users as an obvious means of access to a work. Use
the following guidelines for relationships that may be less
obvious:

1. **Corporate bodies.** Assign added entries for corporate
bodies that bear significant responsibility for the work (observing
the limits stated in AACR2 21.30).
2. **Related works.** Assign added entries for a work to which the
work being cataloged is closely related (AACR2 21.30G), e.g.,
when cataloging adaptations (AACR2 21.10), revisions (AACR2
21.12), supplements (AACR2 21.28A1), or screenplays (AACR2
21.28A1).
3. **Titles (AACR 21.30J).** Assign an added entry for the title
proper (245-derived) of every item not entered under title. Assign
added entries for alternative titles, parallel titles, titles on added
title pages, and cover titles (246-derived). When using the 246
field, assign indicator values in the manner as for full level
cataloging. For items without a collective title, assign the added
entries specified in LCRI 21.30J.
4. **Analytical added entries (AACR2 21.30M).** Assign an
analytic entry under the heading for a work contained within
within an item being cataloged, e.g., when cataloging commentaries
with text (AACR2 21.13) or collections covered by AACR2 21.7B,
21.7C, and 25.7.
Do not assign a paired nonroman script field for 700, 710, 711, 730
except in cases of problematic romanization or in cases in which such a
field supports ready identification of a person or entity. Note that the
core standard does not require that added entries be justified.
romanization or in which such a field supports ready identification of a
person or entity

# 082 as applicable in the same manner as for full level cataloging
040 $a DLC-R $c DLC-R [cataloging is LC original cataloging input via
RLIN]
$a CAL $c TRL $d DLC-R [cataloging is based on an ExSR]
# 041 subfields $a (for multilingual works) and $h (for translations) if readily
available
042 Pcc
# 043 assign if readily ascertainable, following the instructions in SCM D 15
