Distribution within a division is based on a high degree of independence and flexibility.
Nevertheless, there are some common guidelines developed by the Task Group on Distribution
in the planning stage and summarized here.
**a. Fundamentals**
Distribution to cataloging divisions is based on the following fundamentals:

1. daily distribution from acquisitions sources (CIP, E&G, Order);
2. materials undergo a rough sort and delivery is to the responsible division; this also
applies to materials forwarded from Ser Rec Div for subject-only work;
3. each division has its own sorting/distribution area to receive external deliveries and to
perform the division sort for internal distribution;
4. each division makes its own decisions for handling the division sort and internal
distribution.

**b. Special issues**
***1) Hand carries***
Acquisitions staff hand carry to the division coordinator of sorting/distribution who in turn
ensures distribution to the appropriate team on a "hand carry" basis.
***2) Cross-team cataloging***
The general sort is based on subject, with exceptions for the languages handled exclusively
by the Regional and Cooperative Cataloging Division and possibly other instances in which the
cataloging must be done by staff with the language expertise. If simple but detailed scope lists
can be developed to accommodate sort on language where necessary, that will be done and after
the descriptive aspect is completed, items may then need to be forwarded for the subject aspect.
Regardless of the procedure developed, there will no doubt be a mixture of forwarding either for
the subject aspect or the descriptive aspect depending upon particular circumstances.
***3) Children's materials***
Materials not in scope for full cataloging by the Children's Literature team are first cataloged
in the relevant team (including shelflisting) and then forwarded to the Children's Literature team
(cf. DCM B5.6.3.6 (Appendix 1)).
***4) Bypassing division distribution area***
Direct delivery from acquisitions to the appropriate division/team are possible to
accommodate special situations such as shipments from overseas.
***5) Teams with the same name***
The issue of how to do distribution to teams with essentially the same name (e.g.,
Technology I; Technology II) is at the discretion of the divisions.
