"Final cataloging stages" is used to indicate a broader series of steps, usually including some
aspect of subject cataloging/shelflisting/decimal classification as well as the narrower process
called "end-stage processing." The latter term is used to indicate a narrower range of activity,
usually those final steps/checks done to complete the record just before it is verified or migrated
followed by either migration or verification itself.
There are two streams of final cataloging stages, depending upon whether an item is to
receive decimal classification or not.
**a. Items in scope for decimal classification**
Items in scope for decimal classification are: all CIPs regardless of language; all books in
Chinese, English, French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish.
The last team to handle an item discharges ("to DDC [date]"), logs out (shelflisting will have
been completed), and forwards the item to Dewey. Staff in that division assign the decimal
number, input it, and then do end-stage processing. They do not do charging/discharging
because an item is forwarded after a specified amount of time, regardless of whether it receives
decimal classification or not. Items are sent for binding/labelling; CIP materials are returned to
the CIP Division. Dewey processes all items it receives in this manner, regardless of whether it
assigns a decimal classification number or not.
**b. Items out of scope for decimal classification**
The last team to handle an item does shelflisting, inputs the complete call number, and then
does end-stage processing. Items are sent for binding/labelling; CIP materials are returned to the
CIP Division.
