**a. General**
Teams are responsible for managing the cataloging of the items within their cataloging
assignment and for locating items in process, whether assigned to an individual or to a general
team backlog. Use the 955 field in the bibliographic record and the conventions developed for it
to state the location of an item in process. This activity is "charging" or "955 charging" and is
separate and distinct from a parallel but different activity managed through the Statistical
Reporting System (STARS) (cf. DCM B5.6.3.4 (Appendix 1). The latter activity is "logging" or
"STARS logging." Both activities are **extremely important** : charging because of the need to
know the location of items in process at all times; STARS logging because it bears directly on
the record of a team's production (in terms of receiving credit for all work done and in terms of
not showing that the team still carries the responsibility for work that may indeed have been
transferred to another unit). See also DCM B6 (Referrals/Forwarding).
**b. How to charge**
Use the 955 field and indicate each charge by staff code and date given as mm-dd-yy ("ta05
02-05-92"). To indicate a unit instead of an individual, use zeroes ("to ta00 02-10-92"); to
indicate a division use the letter of the division code plus zero (e.g., J0); use "DDC" for the
Decimal Classification Division. To indicate a combination of individual and reviewer, use a
slash between codes (ta04/ta05 02-14-92). In addition to code and date, a charge may include an
explanatory statement as needed. Charges are incremental, usually reflecting the order in which
the item moves through the cataloging process; separate each by a semicolon.
**c. When to charge**
***1) New cataloging (initial charge)***
Once a team accepts an item, it is responsible for charging as soon as possible (and within 48
hours in all cases) after the initial team screening process.  For new cataloging, the team charge
is the first charge after any charges relating to IBC processing. Except as noted below,
acquisitions staff charge at the acquisition stage and at the item-in-hand stage and do a *general*
discharge ("to cat. [date]") when an item is forwarded to a cataloging division. The team charge
fixes the location of the item after it has been distributed to the team *and has been accepted by*
*the team* . If the item is out-of-scope or is forwarded for any other reason, it is not discharged
because it has not yet been charged except at the general level. Once a team accepts an item,
whether to charge to the team or to an individual is at the discretion of the team.
**EXCEPTION:** Staff in ABSP and staff in the CIP Division doing non-CIP American
copyright deposits use a divisional charge ("to HLCD [date]") instead of a general discharge
in records for items sent to HLCD. Should an item then require further forwarding to a unit
outside HLCD, staff in HLCD are responsible for adding a discharge, whether a general one
("to cat [date]") if forwarded to another division or a specific one if forwarded directly to
another team as, for example, in the frequent case of items forwarded to the Religion,
Philosophy and Psychology team ("to sh00 [date]").
The requirement to charge covers *all* types of work arriving in the team–full cataloging,
MLC with in-process records, items undergoing the CIP verification/upgrade process, items
undergoing cross-team cataloging, etc. Two EXCEPTIONS to this are:
***a)*** added volumes (not charged since this act would more than likely unverify the record and
be potentially confusing if a different added volume is underway);
***b)*** items for which there is no in-process record yet (e.g., many MLC titles, etc.); once there
is an in-process record, it is necessary to charge.
Items in these uncharged categories should be handled as promptly as workload and staffing permit to
preclude acquiring duplicates.
Note that the requirement to charge promptly does not mean that a separate charging stage
*per se* is mandated. For items such as CIPs and other high priority materials for which the team
can keep current, the items can be given directly to descriptive or subject catalogers as
appropriate. The catalogers then charge the material when they begin work on it that day. If
work on it does not begin that day, then do the charge the next working day. CIP EXCEPTION:
Always charge CIPS the same day.
***2) New cataloging (subsequent charging)***
The normal order of codes for new full cataloging is assumed to be that of acquisition stage,
item-in-hand stage, descriptive aspect, subject aspect, shelflisting, and discharge to Dewey (for
items in Dewey scope (cf. DCM B5.6.3.8). When the normal sequence is not followed at the
cataloging stage, indicate this by means of a qualifier to the staff code. This notation indicates
clearly and quickly the cataloging stage represented by the record. For example, an item that
receives subject cataloging prior to descriptive cataloging reads: ra06 05-09-91; hr12 (subj)
05-14-91; hr03 (desc) 05-15-91; hr05 to DDC 05-16-91
EXAMPLES:
Item has completed IBC item-in-hand stage but has not yet been charged by a team:
[acq stage code] [date]; [item-in-hand stage code] [date]; to cat. [date]
Item has been charged at team level:
[acq stage code] [date]; [item-in-hand stage code] [date]; to cat. [date]; [team code] [date]
Item has completed initial CIP processing and has been sent to a cataloging division:
[CIP staff code] [date]; [CIP reviewer code] [date]; to [div. code] [date]
Item has been received by team; now someone begins to do descriptive aspect:
[acq stage code] [date]; [item-in-hand stage code] [date]; to cat. [date]; [team code]
[date]; [desc cat code] [date]
Item has been cataloged and now forwarded to Dewey:
[acq stage code] [date]; [item-in-hand stage code] [date]; to cat. [date]; [team code]
[date]; [desc cat code] [date]; [subj cat code] [date]; [shelflister code] [date]; to DDC
[date]
***3) Referrals***
In this context a "referral" usually means that an item is referred for cataloging assistance
and is expected to be returned to the referring unit (see DCM B6 for detailed guidelines).
For items referred formally to another team or division, the person sending the item
discharges it ("to XXOO [date]"). For a variety of factors (e.g., high volume of referrals, unit
does not use MUMS), the receiving unit is not obliged to charge the item upon receipt or
discharge it when returning it. It is incumbent upon the referring person to monitor referrals, and
if for some reason the item is not returned, to take appropriate action.
***4) Forwarding***
***a) General***
In this context "forwarding" usually means that an item is being forwarded because it is out
of scope or for completion of cataloging (including cross-team cataloging; decimal
classification) and is therefore not expected to be returned, although there are some instances in
which the final disposition is unknown, as in the case of referrals for possible cataloging as a
serial (see DCM B6 for detailed guidelines).
The person/unit forwarding the item discharges it indicating the unit to which it is being
forwarded ("to XXOO [date]").
***b) Serials***
If an item is already represented by a serial record (LCCN without prefix in 010 $a subfield;
"lc" in 042; 050 contains a call number or "IN PROCESS"), cancel the in-process record and
forward the item to: Processing and Reference Section, Serial Record.
If an item is judged a possible serial, discharge it ("ta05 to Cat Sect Ser Rec 02-05-92") and
forward the item, according to division practice, to Ser Rec. If catalogers in Ser Rec accept the
item as a serial, staff in Ser Rec cancel the in-process record. If judged not a serial, staff in Ser
Rec discharge the item ("Rejected as a serial [date]") and return it to the referring cataloger.
If items need to be retrieved from a division/team arrearage, retrieval and cancellation of the
in-process record is according to division/team practice.
The above routines apply also to items in JACKPHY languages. Ser Rec notifies the
appropriate team in the Regional and Cooperative Cataloging Division of in-process records
canceled so that any needed counterpart action can be taken in the RLIN database.
***5) End-stage processing***
At the final point of completion when the record is migrated/verified, no explicit discharging
is necessary; the fact that the record is complete and verified indicates that the item is on its way
to binding and labelling/shelf.
