As teams receive items, they are checked to ensure that 1) they are within the scope of the
subject and language assignment of the team and 2) that they are eligible for full cataloging as
monographs. Materials are not charged or logged until accepted; this allows out-of-scope
materials to be forwarded to the appropriate team/division without discharging or logging out.
CIP EXCEPTION: Discharge CIP materials forwarded to another division. Items may be out of
scope because of

1. format (e.g., microforms, computer files, music (including books in class M), sound
recordings (done by Special Materials Cataloging Division), maps (done by
Geography & Map Division));
2. seriality (serials are done by Serial Record Division);
3. not being eligible for full cataloging (e.g., unanalyzed collected series, ineligible CIP
galleys, etc.);
4. being candidates for selection as rare materials.
In some cases it is the responsibility of a team to create an in-process record, namely:
1. for the occasional instance when one was never initially created;
2. when it is subsequently judged that the item should be cataloged differently from
what had been anticipated at the IBC stage.
The team cancels in-process records in the instance of 2) above as well as other instances except
for records for CIP/PCN materials or acquisition records (see DCM B5.8.7 (Appendix 3) for
details). Send unanalyzed series for check-in to Ser Rec. Send discards to acquisitions divisions
for disposal. See DCM B5.6.3.2 (Appendix 1) below for the handling of duplicates.
