"Initial bibliographic control" is the term used to encompass all processing done before items
reach the cataloging divisions. In general, that processing is done in two stages.
**a. Acquisition stage**
At this stage acquisitions staff take the necessary steps to acquire materials, including
creating an in-process record. That record is an "in-process record in an acquisition state," more
commonly called an "acquisition record."
**b. Item-in-hand stage**
An item is now in hand and acquisitions staff or staff in the CIP Division (for U.S. Copyright
deposits) either update an existing acquisition record or create an in-process record when one is
lacking.
**c. Specific activities**
Some specific activities of IBC processing include searching, slipping items appropriately to
reflect the results of searching, selecting, assigning priorities, "assigning to cataloging divisions,"
and forwarding items to cataloging divisions.
***1) Assigning to cataloging divisions***
"Assigning to cataloging divisions" means that a box on the priority slip is checked
indicating the division to which the item is being forwarded for cataloging. In the in-process
record, there is a 955 discharge but it is a general one ("to cat. [date]") indicating that the item
has completed IBC processing and has been forwarded to the cataloging divisions. It is general
so that items can be re-routed subsequent to receipt in a division or a team without the need to
further discharge them. Note that there is usually a charge at the acquisition stage and the
item-in-hand stage.
***2) Items selected as serials***
Items recognizable as serials (but not yet cataloged) at the item-in-hand stage are sent to Ser
Rec without creating an in-process record; if a serial record for an item exists, send it to:
Processing and Reference Section, Serial Record; if an in-process record exists, cancel it.
***3) NCCP adapts***
For items in the NCCP adapt stream, the discharge is the one called for under DCM L3 ("to
shelflisting"), and the item is forwarded to the cooperative cataloging teams in the Regional and
Cooperative Cataloging Division.
**d. CIP materials (pre-publication)**
The treatment of CIP materials varies from the steps described above in that they are not
searched, only a brief CIP in-process record is prepared, and the 955 discharge is to the *specific*
cataloging division to which the materials are being forwarded ("to J0 [date]"); note that the
notation indicating the cataloging division consists of the letter of the division code plus zero (cf.
DCM B5.6.3.3.b (Appendix 1).
**e. Intent of IBC processing**
The intent of the these procedures is to have all items for new full cataloging arrive in the
cataloging divisions pre-sorted and arrive in the teams with IBC processing completed for each
item and the item represented by an in-process record. If it is subsequently discovered that an
item is not represented by an in-process record, the team creates one. Do not refer the item back
to acquisitions staff to create the in-process record.
**f. Staffing**
Most IBC processing is done in the Acquisitions Directorate or the CIP Division (U.S.
Copyright deposits; CIP/PCN materials). The Acquisitions Bibliographic Support Project
(ABSP) is a new unit composed of staff previously in the Preliminary Cataloging Section of the
former Descriptive Cataloging Division and in the Preparatory Cataloging Section of the
former Shared Cataloging Division. Staff continue to carry out their previous work but now
under the aegis of the Acquisitions Directorate and in terms of a recast in-process record (cf.
DCM B5.8 (Appendix 3)). The work is done at the item-in-hand stage. The unit *per se* is
interim until the reorganization of the Acquisitions Directorate, at which time the staff of the
unit will be incorporated into the newly reorganized acquisitions units.
