Books scores, etc. with accompanying electronic resources in the custody of the Music Division
(c-Music) or assigned to the Performing Arts Reading Room (r-PARRR) are shelved separately.  Separate
HR/IR complements are created for the main resource (e.g., book, score, manuscript) and the
accompanying ER.
Apply these instructions to the main resource:
• Create an HR/IR complement for each copy of the main resource.
• In the HR, use an appropriate caption in subfield $3 for the main resource (e.g., “$3 Book
only” or “$3 Score only”).
• In the IR, use the Item Type appropriate for the main resource.
• Adjust the IR “Pieces” box to reflect the number of pieces appropriate for the main resource.
Apply these instructions to the accompanying electronic resource:
• Rehouse the accompanying ER in a jewel case or other appropriate container.
• Create an HR/IR complement for the accompanying ER.
• Use first indicator “8” in field 852 of the HR.
• In the HR, use an appropriate caption in subfield $3 for the accompanying ER.
• From the stock of pre-printed shelf numbers, use a shelf number in subfield $h of the HR.
• Use sublocation $m Case MR in field 852 of the HR:
852 8# $3 Accompanying CD-ROM $b c-Music $h CMR00520 $t Copy 1
$m Case MR
• In the IR, use the same Perm. Loc. as for the main resource and use Item Type “Computer
File.”
• Adjust the IR “Pieces” box to reflect the number of pieces appropriate for the accompanying
ER.
For situations not described here and for labeling procedures, follow local workflows.
