Book accompanied by electronic resources that are treated as part of the general collections and
serviced by the Collections Management Division (CMD) are shelved together.  If accompanying ERs are
not securely housed in the book itself (e.g., a CD-ROM in a pocket affixed to the inside cover), consult
the Collections Care Section of the Binding and Collections Care Division (BCCD) to determine the
housing appropriate to this special condition.  For other conditions not treated here, consult PSD.
Apply these instructions to a single-part monograph or an analyzed multipart monograph (a
separate bibliographic record for each volume) with an accompanying ER:
• Create one HR/IR complement for each copy of the resource.
• In the HR, use “c-MRC” in the 852 subfield $b:
852 0# $b c-MRC $h F1392.C8 $i C83 2016 $t Copy 1
• In the IR Perm. Loc., use “c-Machine Read Coll/HSS” and Item Type “Book:”
• In the IR, adjust the Pieces box to account for both the book and the ER as appropriate (see
SCM:SL (ILS supplement) Workflow #15):
For non-analyzable multipart monographs, only those volumes accompanied by an electronic
resource are located in MRC.  Other volumes are represented on a separate HR.  Indicate the volume(s) in
MRC using $3 in the holdings record for the volume or volumes with accompanying ER.
*Example:*
852 0# $b c-GenColl $h NA324 $i .A87 2012 $t Copy 1
*(HR for volumes with no accompanying ER; item records for volumes linked)*
**AND**
852 0# $3 v. 2 $b c-MRC $h NA324 $i .A87 2012 $t Copy 1
*(HR for volume with accompanying ER; one item record linked)*
