These instructions apply to books with accompanying electronic resources (ERs).  The
instructions about the bibliographic record may be applied to all books with accompanying ERs.
However, the holdings and item record instructions vary depending on the custodial division.
DCM B18.2.1 provides guidelines pertaining to the description of accompanying ERs in the
bibliographic record.  This section serves only as a supplement to existing instructions in RDA and the
LC-PCC PSs.  B18.2.2 provides some general information about holdings and item records.  However,
because the procedures for holdings and item records vary depending upon the intended shelving location,
specific instructions are given in B18.3.  B18.3 is divided into sections based on custodial divisions and
shelving locations.  Other workflow issues are covered in B18.4 and B18.5.
Accompanying electronic resources are usually in the form of a computer disc.  Most commonly
today, these are CD-ROMs or DVD-ROMs (not the same as DVDs).  Other types of computer discs
include floppy disks (5 1/4 in. or 3 1/2 in.) and Zip disks.  Other types of electronic resources include
USB flash drives and external hard disk drives.  Less common formats include computer tape reels and
computer tape cartridges.
Audio CDs and videodiscs (including DVDs) are NOT electronic resources.  See DCM B20 for
instructions on accompanying audio CDs and B21 for instructions on accompanying videodiscs.  See the
Accompanying Disc Decisioner for help in determining the nature of the disc.
For serials with accompanying electronic resources, see the following document:
http://www.loc.gov/staff/lstraining/abawkflow/ser/cat/PrintSerialswNonPrintAccMat.pdf .
Books with information about supplementary online resources (e.g., a textbook with a registration
code used on a website to access quizzes, videos, and other content) are not covered in this document.
They are cataloged and housed according to the regular procedures for books.
