**1. Introduction**
The instructions that follow are usually given in terms of the typical printed item; apply the
principles, as appropriate, to the cataloging of books, CIP material at the pre-publication stage,
computer files, music, sound recordings, microforms, etc. Each cataloger develops his/her own
system for examining the item and for searching. The order given for the various steps of the
process outlined in the following paragraphs is intended to be a guideline for a beginning
cataloger. An experienced cataloger will, of course, go through the same basic steps, but may
follow a different order, one which has proven to be more convenient based on individual
experience.
**2. Before searching**
Prior to doing the descriptive aspect, examine the item to be cataloged to determine those
names and titles that must be confirmed as established or not in the NAMES file (automated
authority file for names and series). Such names/titles include those for authors, joint authors,
editors, illustrators, issuing bodies, related works, series, etc.–any that can be anticipated as
needed headings–as well as any name or title heading that can be definitely foreseen as a subject
heading for the item being cataloged. Note any information in the item about these names that
will help to identify them when searching.
**3. Frame of reference**
The catalog configuration is stated in DCM B5.3.1.b. Descriptive cataloging is done using
the files constituting the *current component of the catalogs (usually called the catalog or the LC*
*Database)* , the in-process file (IBC) and the NAMES file (name/series authority records).
*LC Database:* Records in the BOOKSM, COMPUTER FILES, MAPS, MUSIC,
VISUAL MATERIALS, SERIALS, and NAMES (including series
authorities) files
*Manual Catalog:* Official Name/Title Card catalog (ONC; sometimes also referred to as
OCAT)
*The official bibliographic record is:*

a. for items represented in the current component of the catalog, the machine-readable
record (including brief romanized records in JACKPHY languages, minimal level
cataloging (MLC), and LC copy cataloging (lccopycat));
is filed in the ONC under main entry; in general, the PREMARC file is a limited, usually
less than complete machine-readable version of the bibliographic records (cards) in the
ONC; for information on that file, see DCM S.

**4. Searching policies**
**a. Basic policy**
Except as noted below, catalogers at LC not performing initial searching routinely search
only the LC Database (cataloging done elsewhere, e.g., in an overseas office, may require use of
a different configuration of files related to the particular situation). As a result of this policy, it
is accepted that for cataloging:

1. use the manual catalog as a reference source only;
2. conflicts in headings are based solely on the LC Database;
3. do not anticipate conflicts;
4. some headings reestablished in the LC Database may be more or less complete than those
for the same entity already in the ONC because names not represented in the LC
Database are generally established from the item in hand;
5. determining usage for purposes of formulating an AACR 2 heading is, for the most part,
based solely on bibliographic records in the LC Database and the item in hand;
6. certain information (e.g., earlier names of corporate bodies, related bodies, earlier title of
series, etc.) that is available on older authority records in the manual catalog is not to be
used (except when a particular situation requires using reference sources) nor is it to be
carried over in the newly prepared authority record for the reestablished heading;
7. unless there is reason for doubt or a lack of essential information, catalogers do not
search reference sources, and current policies restricting searching will be retained.

**b. Initial searching**
Initial searching for duplicates is done when an item is put under initial bibliographic control
except for CIP material, which is done at the descriptive stage. Items are referred for selection
decisions as appropriate. Information with respect to editions, translations, and multipart items
discovered during the initial searching process is also provided for subsequent use in the
cataloging process.
**c. Editions, translations, etc.**
Staff doing initial bibliographic control at the item-in-hand stage (and descriptive catalogers
performing initial searching) provide information on editions, translations, and related works in
the form of a slip (Report of Searcher–Edition or Translation (form 64-2e)). If in the course of
searching related to descriptive cataloging (for whatever reason in whatever catalog) a cataloger
discovers another edition, translation, etc., that was not discovered in initial searching, the
cataloged. For those items that are to be cataloged, the cataloger also supplies edition, etc.,
information for the benefit of subsequent cataloging stages (including decimal classification)
according to team practice.
