Whether to indicate the results of searching, the method used, and the means of recording the
results are all at the discretion of the team. One method of indicating the results of searching is a
system of checks and zeroes that has been previously used and that is familiar to many. It can be
applied to the searching of the main entry heading, the series statement(s), and all added entries.
Note that these symbols relate to the status of a heading (is the AACR 2 form established in the
LC Database or not) and the status of an item (is it *represented* in the LC Database by another
edition, i.e., the presence or absence of a record regardless of whether the item is in LC or not).
The description that follows is one of a system of checks and zeroes and their meaning. The
conventions of how the system is used and where the results are recorded are at the discretion of
the team. In the examples, the LCCN of the authority record is given as a means of indicating an
authority record prepared for a previously unestablished entity.
**1. Main entry and added entry headings**
o = entry not established in AACR 2 form in the NAMES file
= entry established in AACR 2 form in the NAMES file
EXAMPLES:
University of Illinois (Urbana-Champaign campus).
o Dept. of English.
n91-83985
Shakespeare, William, 1564-1616.
Miller, Sidney, 1945-
o
Roux, Carole. n91-90310
= another edition of the item being cataloged is represented by a record in the LC
Database or PREMARC, regardless of whether the item is in LC or not (the record
could be one created by a cooperating library, e.g., Harvard); may also be used even
when the title of the other edition differs from the title of the item being cataloged,
e.g., a translation, revised edition, etc.; note that the issue of whether to provide this
information for the benefit of others and how to do so is at the discretion of the
manual catalog for another reason discover another edition, etc., not found on initial
searching.
**2. Entry under title**
= note that for titles only one check is used to indicate another edition, etc. is
represented in the LC Database; otherwise the statement above for other editions,
etc., of items entered under a name applies also to items entered under title.
**3. Series**
Series status is indicated for each separate series given in the series statement(s).
o = series is new and traced
= series is already established in the NAMES file and is traced
= series is already established in the NAMES file and is untraced
o/ = series is being re-established for the LC Database and is traced
If a series is classed as a collection, provide also the call number of the set according to team
procedure.
**4. Information on headings supplied for the subject aspect**
The issue of whether and how to supply information on headings for use in subject
cataloging (including decimal classification) is at the discretion of the team.
